# Spec Meeting 2023-08-17

Light attendance due to summer holidays.

Reviewed topic list from [two weeks ago](./2023-08-03.md)

Discussed Asset Import Spec, which @kategegler has volunteered to draft.
 - probably will use [import.meta.resolve](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/#integration-with-the-javascript-module-system)
    - main open question is how/whether to allow people to opt-out of our build-time implementation if they ever wanted the browser implementation
 - but could also use [import attributes](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-import-attributes)

Discussed strategies for updating the blueprint system.
 - v2 addons want to be able to consume existing blueprints
 - v2 addons want to be able to offer blueprints to users
 - we left blueprints out of the original v2 addon RFC to keep scope manageable
 - one option is to just decide that a new system is not something we can prioritize in the Polaris time frame, and allow V2 addons to fully use the existing blueprint format.
    - they can use ember-cli as a devDependency to run blueprints
    - the `@embroider/addon-shim` can register blueprints for consumers
    - downside here is that there's a lot of baggage in the blueprint system that will leave us tied to ember-cli internals even in cases where we have otherwise left them behind.
 - another option is to do the above, but with a translation layer in between such that v2 addons are only allowed to declare an extremely simple and narrow set of things as a blueprint.  This would still be run by ember-cli, but `@embroider/addon-shim` would be reading the simple blueprint and registering it as an existing-style blueprint
    - more work than just allowing existing blueprints, but maybe manageable since we think the supported API can be very narrow, and grow later as needed.
    - benefit is that as people do the work to port to v2 addons they're porting to a durable format that we're confident can have its implementation swapped out without breakage.
 - another option is to design an updated blueprint system from first principles with its own runner, but this is admittedly more work
    - the biggest limitations of the current system are composability, testability, and leakage of project-wide implementation details into where blueprints can see them.
    - @mansona has extracted the ember-cli blueprint system into a standalone runner and eliminated several of the things we don't want to keep from it, but at the cost of not being able to use existing blueprint unchanged. Concern raised by @ef4 is that this has the cost of incompatibility without the benefits of actually simplifying the API down to something that we think we can support long-term.
 - people were not impressed with any existing JS-ecosystem blueprint systems we have found

