# March 05, 2021

## Agenda

- (public) Rename to "Framework team" on emberjs.com/teams
- (public) (15 min) embroider [spec updates](https://gist.github.com/ef4/bbe9220bc0f4ce4f3cd73a109e06fdd6) (EF)
- (public) (10 min) [update on the synchronous dynamic import problem](https://gist.github.com/ef4/89779d4755ef1be56a9828e96fdc0232) (EF)
- (public) (5 min) Ember Modifier/render modifiers capabilities (CHG)
- (public) (5 min) Ember Survey (MS
    - [https://emberjs.com/survey](https://emberjs.com/survey)

## Attendees

- [ ]  Yehuda Katz (YK)
- [ ]  Tom Dale (TD)
- [ ]  Kris Selden (KS)
- [ ]  Leah Silber (LS)
- [ ]  Robert Jackson (RJ)
- [ ]  Igor Terzic (IT)
- [ ]  Matthew Beale (MB)
- [ ]  Edward Faulkner (EF)
- [ ]  Dan Gebhardt (DG)
- [ ]  Godfrey Chan (GC)
- [ ]  Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ]  Chad Hietala (CH)
- [ ]  Katie Gengler (KG)
- [ ]  Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [ ]  Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ]  Chris Garrett (CG)


## Minutes

### Framework team labeling

RM: On the webpage it says something like Ember.js Core, it should be Framework yes?

(discussion)

### Embroider

EF: I think we're close to being ready to ship addons in the new format, however we haven't yet. Things have been moving fast in the packaging world and there are some new opportunities to look into.

EF: The exports key is very expressive an lets us do most of the things we want to do.

YK: Is this compatible with TypeScript?

RJ: I think there is a bug [github.com/microsoft/TypeScript/issues/33079](http://github.com/microsoft/TypeScript/issues/33079) to add support.

YK: Yeah we may need to do additional work to be a good player with TypeScript, like control what d.ts files we generate in addition to just using exports. TypeScript does not really have a concept of packages right now.

RJ: There are a subset of exports usage which would work in TypeScript for sure.

(discussion)

RJ: exports does have a real benefit in showpack and *some* parts of the tooling. I'm very much in favor of doing this. I would be fine if we had additional restrictions atop the range of capabilities.

EF: For example if we can't rely on them for remapping things, we could limit their use to exporting things where they are on disk

RJ: I like that you can use main and exports to make weird things in Ember addons discoverable.

MB: Is there a node-level concern?

EF: No, it is an additive spec, and regardless we implement support for it in our Ember build pipeline tools. In fact the spec talks about how it works, but explicitly suggests that tooling beyond Node should use the same system.

(discussion about `#` as the "self" import keyword for `imports` in the same spec, brainstorming about if we need to do something to support that)

### Explicit list of app tree files in package.json

EF: Right now the embroider spec supports using a directory. If we make the file list explicit we no longer need to do directory traversal. More speed, but also it makes the system much more friendly to run on the web itself instead of with a filesystem.

RJ: This seems like the least controversial of the list here.

EF: I have a comment here re: all app tree merging that we want to move toward the exits on. As soon as we can do all templates in strict mode we're in a good place.

EF: Remaining areas where nobody has done design is services and initializers.

### Require file extensions in relative imports internal to your package

EF: This is natively shipped for import maps.

YK: Is it? Last time I checked there was hesitancy.

RJ: Many people will have the reaction "yuck" as this implies all imports need `.js` at the end of them. Sadly it is part of the `.mjs` system and we're stuck with it.

YK: You think they are dropping suffix resolution?

RJ: In .mjs they do not do it. There is no fallback.

EF: Importantly this is the publishing format. We just need to do it for the published package, not the development code.

YK: I'm concerned TS tooling, for example, doesn't want to auto-complete the `.js`.

(discussion)

### Inline all hbs into JS

EF: In the current standard you can import a hbs file. I would like to back off from that and not make every consumer learn how to do resolution for hbs files.

YK: There isn't an alternative here right?

EF: If you already have build steps, it is just more work. More friction.

RJ: We don't think of these things as distinct in our world anyway.

EF: Yeah it is a legacy feature

RJ: Route templates, however, are resolved today

EF: Even then you would put a JS file there and having it export the HBS post-inline. It isn't a big stretch.

YK: I want people to note this doesn't mean you can't export an HBS file, just that you must wrap it into a JS before publishing.

(discussion)

### Use of new lower-level template APIs

RJ: I think this is already done.

(discussion, it is not exactly)

(discussion if this could be the difference in precompile and compile)

EF: The last thing that really stabs you in the back is decorators not being supported in any browsers.

### Strict mode templates

EF: I'm fine saying requiring strict mode template for a v2 addon isn't ok, but we could require all the templates in a v2 addon and only use lexically scoped stuff that would be cool

RJ: Strict mode hasn't hit an LTS yet, so it isn't reasonable for addon authors to think even the newest of the new apps have it. We could say a v2 addon is only v2 with strict mode, but you can have a v2 shim? I think once 3.28 we should push people to strict mode including addons.

EF: The parts of strict mode I care about are probably polyfillable. As far as v2 spec the important thing is putting only stuff in there we want to support for a long time.

RJ: We can't support dynamic helpers and modifiers in strict mode

(discussion)

GC: It is ok to tell people to use strict mode when there is no authoring format? No official one?

EF: Right, yeah

RJ: All the low level APIs are public, you can author it today

GC: what does the ember cli addon generator generate if you ask for v2?

RJ: I mean there are none in existence.

(discussion)

CG: This would be accepting the pit of incoherence. In order to use...

EF: It would be easier to tell the story if .gbx or whatever was a thing. This is trying to thread the needle and talk only about the low level APIs. I'm not not pushing for it though.

EF: An example of why it is nice to have: In a snowpack-like model you want to pre-build package for dependencies and their dependencies. An addon without an application can't actually resolve packages/component. It makes it hard to have a package that can be rolled up and observed by these tools.

CG: The reasoning might be based on what we want from a next edition. If we want strict mode and embroider in the next edition, then maybe it is worth is since we don't expect v2 addons to be common before then.

(discussion, benefits and strict mode polyfills)