# March 26, 2021

## Agenda

- (public) [https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-website/issues/822](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-website/issues/822)
- (public) (5 min) setRouteComponent: [https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/731](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/731)

## Attendees

- [ ]  Yehuda Katz (YK)
- [ ]  Tom Dale (TD)
- [ ]  Kris Selden (KS)
- [ ]  Leah Silber (LS)
- [ ]  Robert Jackson (RJ)
- [ ]  Igor Terzic (IT)
- [ ]  Matthew Beale (MB)
- [ ]  Edward Faulkner (EF)
- [ ]  Dan Gebhardt (DG)
- [ ]  Godfrey Chan (GC)
- [ ]  Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ]  Chad Hietala (CH)
- [ ]  Katie Gengler (KG)
- [ ]  Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [ ]  Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ]  Chris Garrett (CG)

## Minutes

### setRouteComponent

CG: You can use this to import a component and associate it with a route. When you do so, that component gets rendered instead of the template from the app routes.

CG: The ergonomics of this are not actually very nice, but that is intentional. The endpoint is that you can use strict mode in an app, and avoid controllers. This would enable experimentation in that direction.

(discussion)

RJ: Largely, +1. I think it is odd to only have @controller passed in context. Second the RFC should describe the semantics of when the component is torn down.

CG: It should be comparable, the same in fact, as what happens if you invoke the component in a route template. The same lifecyle semantics overall should apply (semantics of model argument changing, destruction)

MB: What is the mechanism by which you would iterate semantics?

(roughly sounds like we change them by introducing new APIs)

(discussion about avoiding @controller)

(discussion of loading routes / states)