# February 6, 2023

Facilitator & Note Taker: AG

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [ ] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
- [ ] Chris Ng (CN)
- [x] Anne-Greeth Schot-van Herwijnen (AG)

### Guests

- [] Your name here (INITIALS)

## Weekly review

[Open pull requests](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/pull-requests)

[RFC review app](https://rfcs.emberjs.com/)

[RFC PR Queue](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pulls)

## Topics

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

### Bert de Block CLI guide rights
AG gave Bert de Block personal maintainer rights for today. She hoped that JW had rights to add Bert to the CLI team, which is the case :)
During this meeting JW added him to the team. AG is the only person of the current learning team to not be a owner so could not give these rights. JW gives her the owner role now.

### Deprecation improvements underway
JW: Framework team requested a new url structure. Since deprecation might not be removed in a major version, the framework team wants to be able to link to a deprecation seperate of a version. 
JW and CM have this almost working, there are some misalignments between the name of the deprecation and the file name.

AG: Could we write something to redirect old links to the new structure? That way we don't have to maintain the scrolling anchor stuff. 
JW: Could be, but does not need to happen. We're thinking about a linter to check the filenames and stuff. The CONTRIBUTING.md that JG started will be merged so that JW and CM can add info.

### RFCs app - number redirect
Next time 

### Release evaluation
AG is currently not able to run a release by herself. The API docs upload to S3 does not work on her computer.
The Glitch part also did not work. We can ask RM about this, maybe he can update the handbook with the correct steps.

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
