# 19th June 2023

Facilitator & Note Taker: Chris Manson

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
- [ ] Chris Ng (CN)
- [x] Anne-Greeth Schot-van Herwijnen (AG)

### Guests

- [] Your name here (INITIALS)

## Weekly review

[Open pull requests](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/pull-requests)

[RFC review app](https://rfcs.emberjs.com/)

[RFC PR Queue](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pulls)

## Topics

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

### 5.0 release blocker

- guides
- api docs

- AG: how long do we wan't to give other teams to sign off on things? no feedback yet
- JW: let's say end of day Wednesday for final reviews - release on Thursday
- AG: I could write the "snappy intro" for the blog - but it would be best to wait for Ember Data's input
- JW: it's a nice to have so don't worry about it
- CM: who will communicate the "deadline"?
- JW: I'll do it
- AG: what if ember-data doesn't have time before Wednesday
- CM: just gotta go - we can update later
- JW: we can just do a best guess on what to highlight

- (discussion about missing deprecations)

- CM: I don't think we can treat these as blockers for this release. I have a process that we can implement later
- CM: we should pair about it this week

- AG: side question - is the ember teams page up to date? we can't expect one person to do all this work
- JW: we need to repair the bridge between docs and ember-data. We also need to wrangle contributors


### api docs - WHY NO RELEASE!?

- turns out it has updated for some people but not for others
- there is no documentation about cache busting fastly in the handbook
- JG: I will bust the cache new and add the docs to your PR for updating the handbook



## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
