# Month Day, Year

Facilitator & Note Taker: AG

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [ ] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
- [ ] Chris Ng (CN)
- [x] Anne-Greeth Schot-van Herwijnen (AG)

## Weekly review

[Open pull requests](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/pull-requests)

[RFC review app](https://rfcs.emberjs.com/)

[RFC PR Queue](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pulls)

## Topics

### Release week
JG will do the release for 5.2

### Social media accounts
AG: After the release of the Times multiple people had questions about the social media platforms where we announce the times. Questions for Threads & Mastodon arose.
RM: Untill X burns out, let's keep tweeting and create a Mastodon account to start posting there. Threads is not available in Europe.
JW: EmberJS is heading towards Mastodon, so that could be. We could also post from the general account. 
RM: We should keep the seperate Times account so that we control who has access.
AG: How do we pick a server?
RM: You just pick one!
JW: Pick the one that EmberJS is using
AG will create a Mastodon account for the Times. We will not do Threads because it's not legal in Europe. People are free to post the EmberTimes tweet on their own Thread.

### Different versions for documentation with EmberData doing minimum LTS versions
JG: The version dropdown for the API docs might need work to make this work.
AG: Question: What will happen to version numbers, being that the LTS is usually 4,8,12. Will EmberData do 5.1 -> 5.4 or will 5.2 become a LTS
JG: I assume they will do 5.1 -> 5.4 but I'll ask runspired.
RM: We might need to fix this in a more general way, because there are things in the blueprint that might run out of sync.
JG: EmberData will keep releasing minors untill there is a blogpost that says that they will break the pattern. So 5.2 will be a re-release. 
JW: Does anything break when we do nothing? -> In the past API docs used to break if one of the versions was missing.
RM: There is just one set of versions in the dropdown. -> Leading to changes in JSON API docs
AG: What happens with the guides? -> We'll keep it as is in sync with `ember-source`.
JW: Could we catch the EmberData 404 and return something special for that? 
JW will create an issue for this, JG will try to fix it and AG can help with the front-end piece if needed.

### EmberTimes Podcast
RM: An audio recording of the times. 
RM will make a first one, and then we as a team can decide if it's part of our workflow.
RM: Should be easy, not a lot of editing and fun.

### Cross-site search
_Discuss this when CM is back_

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
