# January 16, 2023

Facilitator & Note Taker: Jen

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [ ] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
- [ ] Chris Ng (CN)
- [x] Anne-Greeth Schot-van Herwijnen (AG)

### Guests

- [x] Nick Schot

## Weekly review

[Open pull requests](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/pull-requests)

## Topics

### Notes structure

Briefly check that this is ok to go ahead.

locks mentioned that there may be links to previous notes. Anne-Greeth
did not find any links within our notes that link back to other notes.

Seems fine to merge, linking to notes seems uncommon.

Do we still want to group by month? Could just do the whole year in one
folder, like this:

```
learning-team
   - 2023
      - 2023-01-16.md
      - 2023-05-10.md
   - previous-years 
      - 2022
        // any structure, whatever it was before
      - 2021
        // any structure, whatever it was before
```

AG will update the PR.

### Upcoming release, 4.10

#### Current status: 
Data is not released yet, Chris T is working on it. Someone
will do CLI after Data.

Blog post is done-ish https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pull/1251

Guides has a PR up.

#### Notes

Tutorials are broken for some reason. Katie brought this up and was hoping to
get this working before the release. https://github.com/ember-learn/super-rentals-tutorial/pull/220

We need to look out for the Guides PR update and see if we need to merge it.

Are we waiting on the release train for Ember Data? It will likely be a
re-release of 4.9 plus a deprecation.

What will the final version of 4.x be? Asked this in Discord. It will help
with planning.

AG has the best availability for running the release Thurs/Fri. If CLI and
data are done before then, someone else will need to step in to help.
Also, having problems with running the release.

The release tool does not run on M1, but Chris M can help build it.

Chris M is interested in having a list of step by step instructions
in the markdown. They would  guide you through what to run in the release tool.
Then we can include troubleshooting steps in the md.

JW the process for the API docs needs to not exit immediately.
Needs to stop before pushing to AWS, allow retrying.

### Domain management

Thank you Chris M for saving the day!

Need to ask Leah to check config.

### Deprecation improvements underway

Next week!

### RFCs app - number redirect

Next week!


### Question about RFC process

We need to accept RFCs - when do we review these and look at them together?

Advance 236 String Deprecation is an example.

We do not get GH notifications when the FCP label is added. Can we find a way to
get alerted.

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
