# September 25th, 2023


Facilitator & Note Taker:

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
- [ ] Chris Ng (CN)
- [ ] Anne-Greeth Schot-van Herwijnen (AG)

### Guests

- [] Julien

## Weekly review

[Open pull requests](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/pull-requests)

[RFC review app](https://rfcs.emberjs.com/)

[RFC PR Queue](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pulls)

## Topics

### Release Week

### Polaris info page followups?

### EmberData | deprecate legacy finder support RFC and how to implement in Guides (JG 15 min)

- EmberData is introducing an RFC to deprecate legacy finder support: [RFC 964](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/964)
- There is a desire to get this new approach documented in the Guides or somewhere sooner rather than later
- The RFC itself includes examples that could serve as a Guides/Cheatsheet examples
- Need to be sure the tutorial is not broken by this so it'd need to be updated too
- How long do we want Guides/Tutorial to show the new way before deprecating?
  - This is a deprecation that will go into 6 so the sooner we make docs avail the better since this is a big change
  - And the longer we give people to adjust the better
- Can we revise the guides right now? Does this need a cheatsheet? Primary concern
is to to make sure people can learn this as soon as possible.
- There are lots of examples in the RFC that could be used for a cheatsheet,
contributor education, etc.

CM: Lots of thoughts and ideas! This makes me think of RFC stages and Ember's
new major version process. RFC stages influence how we document things.
When something is at "ready for release" we offer some info, and by the time
we move to "recommended" we have changed all the things. When we merge the
"Recommended" we merge PRs. Too early to change everything.

CM: Also talking about new release cadence. For this deprecation to be in
and get removed by 6.0, we would be freezing deprecations at 5.10. That's the
latest we could get it in. There are 12 minor releases in a major.
We should make sure we keep pressure on the RFC process and the corresponding
docs changes. It seems reasonable to create small pages that explain what to
do when it's "ready for release." Let's make sure we tie docs to the correct
stage.

JG: Stuff is moving fast

CM: Just want to not rush a big change to get the deprecation in. Our absolute deadline is 5.10. A reasonable lead time would be to do this by 5.8 (April 2024).
Not saying we need to do this very slowly, just that we have time to follow the
process

JG: trying to think of what support we can offer to get this out there ASAP
but also respect the points you make. Is there room to work on the
cheat sheet?

CM: need to keep in mind future git conflicts if we start early. Can sidestep
this with a new page.

JW: once RequestService is recommended, then that would go hand in hand
with potential guides docs. Don't have to wait until deprecations to show
our "best in class" features in cases when there are multiple ways to do things

- Request Service has a pending PR for "recommended" https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/942
- Rendered RFC https://rfcs.emberjs.com/id/0860-ember-data-request-service/
- Criteria for recommended: https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs#recommended
- New deprecation PR https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/964

CM: Sidenote, CM wants to remove the "rendered" link from PR descriptions
since it would show outdated info

RM: just to reiterate, Request Service replaces the Store Service. So to
move this to recommended, we need to rewrite. It is a big ask.

JW: Where do we put the cheatsheet? Nice to have for contributors!

RM: Want to keep minor features out of guides upgrades. We can use the learning page more throughly! Also the data team was pondering having their own docs.

JW: so we could do the blog post, learning page, octane cheatsheet style app

JG: nothing wrong with getting started on any of this today

CM: Looking at comments on deprecation, there's some more work needed before
moving to accepted.

RM: who can help work on this? What are the expectations?

JG: will help guide this some, data team is looking for review and support

Conclusions/action items:

- break up to-do list for Request Service into issues 
https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/942 (make table of contents, see if we can
do a tutorial revision)
- Jared will make a draft table of contents
- JG make an epic issue, JW to help fill in details
- label as help wanted
- non-blocking: clone the octane cheatsheet and fill it in for Request Service,
to work as a resource for volunteers. Do not advertise it yet or link to it 
on the website, just for internal use first
use. Put the cheat sheet in our own github org.
- Share in dev-ember-data what we have and our expectations/wishes for
volunteers


### Ember.js API docs bug - some classes pages 404

Example https://api.emberjs.com/ember/3.23 and click on a class

CM: has worked on a script to help fix this. Ember API docs data is
missing some things in the JSON. Chris downloaded everything from the past
and the script pops them into the right versions. Now needs to run that
for every version in the past. Did this already for versions used in tests.

CM: have a fix underway! https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-api-docs-data/pull/13

### Issue with search

JG: Search is broken right now. 5.3 doesn't exist in S3.

CM: we should run search from ember-api-docs-data.

JG: We could write an action that does the same thing

CM: yes, also recommend starting with the script before actions

https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-api-docs-data/issues/14

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
