# Apr 3, 2023

Facilitator & Note Taker: Chris Manson

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [ ] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
- [x] Chris Ng (CN)
- [x] Anne-Greeth Schot-van Herwijnen (AG)

### Guests

- [] Your name here (INITIALS)


## Topics

### EmberData ember-cli-addon-docs PRs (CM, 10m)

- CM: quick summary of situation - prs from runspired to fix a bug
- CM: I don't know if I have the context to feel confident merging any of these
- AG: should we wait for Jen on this one?
- CM: we could, but she might not be back next week. 
- and there is a potential urgent cliff here since it's release week and the next major (in 6 weeks) will be Ember 5.0 and there are big changes
- CM: I'll reach out and see what the urgency is and see if runspired is free to pair with one of team to get these merged

### Website redesign update (CM, 10m)

- CM: ci is back working for styleguide, guidemaker-ember-template, and the website-redesign branch of guides-source
- I needed to update Node to v14 on Netlify so that percy would keep building
- we need to baby-sit the next merge to master on guides-source to make sure the netlify build is still working 👍
- new preview link is updated: https://deploy-preview-1717--ember-guides.netlify.app/release/

### Release week (JG, 5m)

- JG: happy to do the release again
- I'll be helping runspired with the EmberData release so it makes sense for me to write up that bit
- AG: happy for you to do it
- CM: [no comment]

## Weekly review

[Open pull requests](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/pull-requests)

[RFC review app](https://rfcs.emberjs.com/)

[RFC PR Queue](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pulls)

### Weekly review notes

- discussion about 	ember-cli-addon-docs
- we should remove it from our pr tracker
- we should have a meeting about what to do with ember-cli-addon-docs going forward
- CM will take a look at fixing CI on `ember-learn/super-rentals-tutorial` and reach out to people if he needs help
- CM going through these very old PRs isn't all that helpful 🙈
- AG: I can go through the list and pick out a few to start discussions on in the chat 


<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

### discussion

- AG: can we get a discord bot to add items from news-and-announcements to an issue
- CM: office hours?
- AG: yes! let's do the bot first

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
