# 16th October 2023

Facilitator & Note Taker: Chris Manson

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [ ] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
- [x] Chris Ng (CN)
- [x] Anne-Greeth Schot-van Herwijnen (AG)

### Guests

- [x] Ignace 
- [x] tommyjr

## Weekly review

[Open pull requests](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/pull-requests)

[RFC review app](https://rfcs.emberjs.com/)

[RFC PR Queue](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pulls)

## Topics

### AI Chat Bot

- Comment from internal reviewer: "the answers are okay to good, but the linked sources sometimes seemed to be a miss (unrelated to the given answer). It may be good to give it a few more days to help check what's going on."
- AG: what does it mean to be experimental
- CM: looking at some of the questions with bad answers there have been comments about "our docs are at fault" 
- AM: are we the gatekeepers? the learning team is not going to be responsible for the bot
- CM: if we blame the docs for it being bad then it's on the learning team that are "in charge" of its training material
- JG: I don't have concerns about the merits, I have more concerns about the process. We mentioned it in the meeting a few weeks ago and now it's happening
- AG: I agree that it's strange that we we were introduced to it 2 weeks ago and suddenly it's urgent
- JG: it feels like the conversation started in the Learning team and then there was a conversation somewhere else to get it accepted
- AG: is there consensus on the team?
- CM: I'm concerned that it is able to hallucinate references, and that there is such a rush
- AG: we need to discuss the criteria for turning it off (if the experiment fails)
- JG: I agree with CM that people won't read the channel description, so we should consider constraining it more
- AG: there may have been an option to have it respond with the fact that it's experimental in every answer
- CM: I remembered something else that gave me some concerns, after a very brief conversation the whole core-notes repo was added as training material without any wider agreement. In my opinion this shouldn't be a unilateral decision.

### Ember Inspector (CM, 5mins)

- CM: there is a change coming in Ember 5.5 that will break inspector 
- AM: we can ask Robbie what he wants to do is the best option

### Typescript Chapter

- (big discussion)
- added a comment in the PR from our discussion: https://github.com/ember-learn/guides-source/pull/1960#pullrequestreview-1680419182

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
