# October 23, 2023

Facilitator & Note Taker:

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [ ] Jen Weber (JW)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
- [ ] Chris Ng (CN)
- [ ] Anne-Greeth Schot-van Herwijnen (AG)

### Guests

- [x] Ignace
- [x] Lukas

## Weekly review

[Open pull requests](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/pull-requests)

[RFC review app](https://rfcs.emberjs.com/)

[RFC PR Queue](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pulls)

## Topics

### It's Ember Times Time (JG + AG, 10mins)
- JG we'll try to get this out this coming weekend, we have not had time to write yet

### API Docs Search (CM, 10mins)
- CM hasn't worked on it yet, we should figure out who should work on it and quite busy
- JG I can try to work on it over the next 3 days and will hand it back to Chris EOD Thur if things aren't done yet

### TypeScript docs (5 min)
- We went over the links to ensure that we are comfortable with them since they will stick around forever. We can confirm they all looked good.
- There might be some TOC fixes/flattening that could be done as a follow up or down the road. This is related to CM's concern about hoisting the TS docs up one level as it's own section which would maybe make things more organized.
- We're going to fix the one failing test and merge! 🎉

### API Docs EmberData Fixes (JG 5 min)
- JG will be working on fixing some of the issues related to decorators and code blocks that are preventing EmberData documentation that's already written from showing up in the ember-api-docs
- CM we should think about potentially adding the source to the new github docs data so that we can more conveniently re-run processing of the docs.

## Polaris / template tags docs (Ignace)
- Is there a Polaris cheatsheet in the works like there was for Octane? It feels like there is missing docs on things like template tags.
- CM Currently there is a Polaris page where things could go or we could add a separate section for things that are not yet fully available, but need documentation (like the recent TS docs addition).

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.