# Month Day, Year

Facilitator & Note Taker: 

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
- [ ] Chris Ng (CN)
- [ ] Anne-Greeth Schot-van Herwijnen (AG)

### Guests

- [] Nullvoxpopuli (NVP)

## Weekly review

[Open pull requests](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/pull-requests)

[RFC review app](https://rfcs.emberjs.com/)

[RFC PR Queue](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pulls)

## Topics

### Docs Search - Cross Site

Rollover from last week

Nullvox and Ignace have brought up this idea, that when you search, you may
want to search both Guides and API docs.

There is not yet a proof of concept for this. Ignace has found that we could
apply for Algolia to build us an index.

CM: We did this before, but it didn't meet our needs

JW: Would this become easier after we finish prember for API docs?

CM: Potentially yes, but not how we expect. We have a very custom index for API docs, which
walks through very specific things and does not index the text, currently.
If we were to do a cross site search, we would need to have the same shape
of index across multiple sites. We could potentially use the prember stuff,
but it's not a free lunch. Still need to do a bunch of work.

AG: What is the experience that leads to wanting cross site search?

NVP: the header across all sites is the same, so my intution is that the search
covers all sites

JG: That's what the end user experience is for the React docs. Search for "hooks"
for an example

CM: How could we split the search/index? Not sure how. I've looked at this before.
My idea was that we would have search continue to work how it does now. Could
have a link at the bottom of results to go to a "search all sites" page with
cross site results.

AG: Not quite as good for user experience. The more we get towards consistent
design, the more it feels like one experience.

CM: The key thing here is, how do you choose what order things show up? My test
is that I go to Guides, and I search for "data." There are a lot of results

NVP: The new algolia results list scrolls

AG: Looking at what React is doing, there is a fixed order. APIs first, then
each other section. A consistent order could help with UX.

JW: Are there concerns about the overall idea of using cross site search?

CM: I have a concern. Large organizations can hire people to manage things like
this. We can't affort to spend time to manually curate the index.
Experience could be very confusing if we don't curate, which led me to the
idea of having a search page. There's too much content for a modal.

AG: From a user perspective, would it help if we made it more explicit that
search is only for each page?

NVP: I don't think that would help my own usability. Would help to acknowledge
the limitations of search. Want control-k and then get to where you want really
fast. If the results are what I want, I would add more terms to get what I want.

JG: It looks like React is only searching headers, not body of content.
Results take you to a section.

CM: This is what I would classify as bad for the API docs. We can't index
text for API docs, but we can and do for the Guides. If something is a heading,
it will show up higher in the list. If it's in the body, it's lower.
We aren't comparing apples to apples with the results. In the Algolia dashboard,
you can see what searches have no results, and then fine tune headers, but
we don't have the resources to do this.

AG: Here are some action items. We can communicate in search that it's only
searching a specific part. Then I think if someone wants to, they could
implement the proof of concept for the search page idea. If you put
that page together, is it useful? What tweaks would someone make? Then we
could talk through the order/content. If that works great, we could move that
to a modal.

NVP: If search.emberjs.com is useful, that will always be nice to have. If
it was iframed to the top right corner, then we could sidestep the algolia issue.

CM: the thing I was looking for last week was the docs search. When we control
search experience, we could do what we want and add multiple search results.

Conclusion - here is our plan! Contributors are invited to help out. 
https://github.com/ember-learn/guides-source/issues/1954

### New .emberjs.com redirect (CM)

CM: This already exists, was created without the learning team involvement.
If you go to new.emberjs.com, you go to Stackblitz. This was a bit of a
surprise.

NVP: This was proposed in Nov 2021, only locks responded

AG: Are we responsible for all subdomains? Does this work in Safari? (seems like not)

CM: There is a PR to include the "new" route to the header

AG: We should decide first who will maintain the subdomain, pointing to
stackblitz. Then we decide whether it goes into the menu, and mention in the
Guides.

NVP: Stackblitz points directly at the cli output, so the CLI team would
maintain.

CM: Rollover to next time - there's an implied learning experience. Ideally
there's some guidance wherever you drop in.

AG: As long as we keep the welcome page, that fills this need. We have talked
about moving that.

CM: If we are using the welcome page for this, it could use some improvements

AG: If I understand correctly, Ember CLI determines how it works, and we
decide how to promote it?

CM: Nobody has yet agreed to ownership

AG: Uncomfortable with the learning team agreeing to ownership

JG: Can the tooling team maintain this?

CM: Yes if they agree to, and then we could own the learning aspect
(is this a good first experience, and curate that)

RM: no opinion, would be even ok if there was no welcome page, and if it was
used as a bug reporting tool

CM: One more idea is that it doesn't need to be a subdomain

CM: If we accept that having this on stackblitz makes this something that
we need to support, then I can bring this to the tools team. One idea
is that new.emberjs.com should go to a landing page that links to
different places to try Ember.

Action item - confirm if the tools team is willing to own the stackblitz
experience. Define expectations for "own." (Make sure it's working for every
release, and if it's not working, tools team would debug)

### Ember API Docs Prember (CM)

Yay, Netlify fixed the bug!!!

We had a bug that since we used % escaped things in the URL, they escaped
the percent again and everything broke. It was bug on their side, and they
fixed it and now we are unblocked. We got full business support because of
the OSS sponsorship.

JW: will draft a little toot to say thank you

### Docs Search - HUD experience proposal

### Ember Times Bot

### Next Release

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
