# February 13, 2023

Facilitator & Note Taker: AG

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [ ] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
- [ ] Chris Ng (CN)
- [x] Anne-Greeth Schot-van Herwijnen (AG)

### Guests

- [] Your name here (INITIALS)

## Weekly review

[Open pull requests](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/pull-requests)

[RFC review app](https://rfcs.emberjs.com/)

[RFC PR Queue](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pulls)

## Topics

### RFCs app - number redirect
Next time when CM shows :)

### [GitHub Merge queue](https://github.blog/changelog/label/merge-queue/)

AG: Github released Merge queue into public beta and it would help a lot with all the dependabot PRs because it makes sure that the CI builds with the earlier queued PRs. My suggestion would be to try it with a repo that currently still has a lot of those PRs and see if it plays nice :) 
JW: Could we leave out ember-api-docs? 

Merge method -> CM would probably argue for not squash and merge because of keeping a nice history. AG will argue that if we use the queue for Dependabot stuff, it would be nice to squash and merge because often they are just one commit and otherwise it's probably package-lock.json conflicts and those don't really serve historical purpose. Partially also personal preference. JW: Would we also use it for contributor PRs? To respect the previous decisions about contributor PR. -> Going with the default **merge commit**.

Percy jitter might keep breaking some PRs, there is a percy class/wrapper/something to exclude them from percy.

We've enabled this for the `ember-release-bot` repo.

AG will post in the channel if she enables it for more repos.

### Repo clean-up/archiving

AG: We've 75 repositories in the ember-learn team on GitHub, some of them feel super outdated or not used at all. Can we archive some more/remove some that we really don't need?
JW: We should make a list, go through them as a group and look at them as a batch. People sometimes struggle finding the right repo's, so this would be a step in the right direction. Part of that might be because people look under the Ember organisation and don't find them. 
AG will make the list on our Notion so that we can continously go over this.


## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
