# February 27, 2023

Facilitator & Note Taker: JW

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
- [ ] Chris Ng (CN)
- [x] Anne-Greeth Schot-van Herwijnen (AG)

### Guests

- [] Your name here (INITIALS)

## Weekly review

[Open pull requests](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/pull-requests)

[RFC review app](https://rfcs.emberjs.com/)

[RFC PR Queue](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pulls)

## Topics

### Release status

JG: runspired and I paired to get the ember-data release done. runspired
has also been doing more followup releases since. I feel like I have the
context to help get the blog post out. So far, I have shadowed, and will
give it a try myself in the future. I'm available to help with the release.
ember-cli is not released yet.

JW: I will add some ember.js details to the blog post and queue up the
guides PR.

JW: I also want to try adding a small "what's happening" summary.
What do you think? What would be nice to include?

AG: consider this as a way to bring people to the times. RFCs are a good
thing to look at. Then people may not be so surprised when deprecations come
through. Is there a way to find out if this section is valuable? It takes a
lot of time. 

JW: should we link directly to the times?

Conclusion - maybe not, since content is different (addons + community) and
there is varying cadence.

JW: What if we had a feedback link?

AG: Let's maybe try that next time

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
