# Month Day, Year

Facilitator & Note Taker: AG

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
- [ ] Chris Ng (CN)
- [x] Anne-Greeth Schot-van Herwijnen (AG)

### Guests

- [] Your name here (INITIALS)

## Weekly review

[Open pull requests](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/pull-requests)

[RFC review app](https://rfcs.emberjs.com/)

[RFC PR Queue](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pulls)

## Topics

### Follow up EmberData broken URLs (JW)
Last week we worked on [this PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-api-docs/pull/862#issuecomment-1537224127). The problem is fixed in EmberData now, but has not been released/patched yet. Our PR seems to contain similar code as to the fix in EmberData. JW will add a code comment about when the code could be removed. We will now merge and release our fix.

### Ember 5 (JW)
JW: Check-in -> Did anybody hear anything? 
JG: Reached out to Runspired to schedule a meeting to smooth the transistion for EmberData. I won't look at anything else than Data because of time.
AG: Out this week for training + Vacation next week, so no real time available. 
CM: I came across an issue with the Ember/string deprecation, it's not really a learning thing, but it's broken. It's a known issue, but not sure if it's documented anywhere. Katie is on it. Might be a bit too big to pay attention to it in the blog, but it's a false positive that might keep people from upgrading.
JW: It might be nice to make a GitHub issue for it, that will say "it's okay to continue :)". A note in the deprecation guide could also be a great place. I can help out with the release.
JG: Place again the reminder for people to write stuff to our blog in the #core-meta channel.
JW: Will do. -> it is done :P

### Issues & PRs (AG)
- [Update depabot](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-website/pull/1010) is failing, CSS seems broken, please do not merge. AG will look into it. 
- [Security page out of date](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-website/issues/1014) -> JW: We are the only people who will fix it, so we should. We don't have the information to update it, so AG will ping Katie to raise this issue. JG: I remember Ed wrote something about the last security fix. Twitter had something to say about how we handeled it (https://twitter.com/zemnmez/status/1582169342807900161).

### EmberData Fastboot shenenigans
#### EmberData Fastboot with 4.12
CM: I've not talked to anybody about the default fastboot experience in 4.12. 
JW: Katie pointed out but that the [fix](https://github.com/emberjs/data/pull/8479) has been merged, but it's not in an LTS release. I will talk to Runspired about this.
CM: It does not seem to "fix fix" this. The user should be able to generate an Ember app, with EmberData and Fastboot and it should run. Currently it's broken, you can fix it by including [this file](https://github.com/emberjs/data/pull/8479/files#diff-8172861eb18eb907a330cedd1b4b470cde1f43d4d8ff712dec5db920d6bee84d) into your app. The change in EmberData is that they use standard webtech (AbortController) to make requests, they replaced the library way with the standard way. AbortController is a global available to all JavaScript, but Fastboot does not automatically expose this to it's sandbox.
AG: Could we expose AbortController to Fastboot? 
CM: That is not the only thing they are exposing. I don't feel qualified enough to expose that, because it's a security thing. 
JW: Could we do a "oops, it's a known issue" in the fastboot repo.
CM: Generate the file as required on `ember intall ember-cli-fastboot`, that only works for `ember install` not the `npm install`. Jen's change is also required, throw an error to documentation that this is what you need to add!

CM: Released a change to `ember-cli-fastboot` because it fixes Fastboot in Ember 5. I also found the two problems in Prember and fixed those. So we can use Ember 5, with EmberData and Prember. I'm not a security person, so I don't feel too comfortably with that. 
JW: We need to have a chat with **you** and the framework team about this! Because I don't have the context. So please come to the meeting.



<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
