# Month Day, Year

Facilitator & Note Taker: JW

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [ ] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
- [ ] Chris Ng (CN)
- [x] Anne-Greeth Schot-van Herwijnen (AG)

### Guests

- [] Your name here (INITIALS)

## Weekly review

[Open pull requests](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/pull-requests)

## Topics

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

### Versioning of Ember

[RFC](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/830)

JG: One thing that we could still request here is to make the release notes better.
This is the perfect time to ask for it.
JW: We could comment that we have re-reviewed and are still looking for commitment
from all teams to help support more frequent majors. Is this in scope? One
objection may be that it's already part of our process.
AG: Is there someplace we can point to that describes the documentation expectations?
JW: Not that I know of. We should write it down from our current perspective.
JG: Docs info should be broadcast, but could be more effective to talk with people
one on one.
AG: It would also make their lives better. Data changelogs being broken made
things super hard for many people. Everyone benefits from good documentation.
We should write down things that fit into their process.
Could ask: What is holding you back? What could be done beforehand?
JW: locks goes to different team meetings and may have some ideas about how to
gather this feedback.
JW: Do we want to raise this as part of the RFC? Or is this a separate issue?
JG: This feels separate now that we know the cadence of overall releases is unchanged

#### Brainstorming some expectations/requests

This is a draft list that we will discuss further next time.

Within the status quo of what blog posts are like today:

- Need a clear definition of what we should/should not include in the blog post
- There should be release notes in a changelog
- We know who to tag for more details
- Info about the release should be available in betas or ahead of time
- Changelog has user-facing descriptions for user-facing bugfixes, deprecations, new features. Should be copy-pasteable for the blog post.
- `[BUG] [DOC] [FEAT]` type labels on changelog items. (This can put a burden
on the people running a release to hunt for this info. Can we do something to
ease that? Can we use a checklist, make it part of the PR format?
Need to have something that works for both regular contributors and one-time
helpers. Regardless, someone needs to do this work. PR templates don't work from command line)

Reimagining release blog posts:

- Revamp the releases pages to make them automated. This replaces release blog posts.
- Then have blog posts with more commentary, from a marketing perspective.
Maybe these happen more often. RFC stages help with this.

### Next release

Release week starts Monday. Discord for chatting about who does what.

### Node and Sass version woes

Can we live with the status quo of the styleguide for a while longer?

AG: Yes. It's been like this for a while. We are going through final checks
and edge cases fixes now. Some screenshots now look weird.
JW: IMO Ship it, fix it live
AG: The only hard blockers are the logo fix and pagination
RM: Is this for only the guides? Other websites are upgrade guides, API docs
JG: Some of them are already skinned
JW: Would like to discuss a skin for the API docs at a future time

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
