# @Feb 07, 2020

## Agenda

- (**10 min**) Creating objects during destruction [https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/pull/18717](https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/pull/18717)

    the pattern is something like this:
    
    ```
    class Foo extends Modifier { // or anything that has a destroy hook
      @service foo;
    
      @action doThingWithFoo() { // may or may not be called, in this case, it's not called
        this.foo.something();
      }
    
      willRemove() {
        this.foo.someResetThing(); // this.foo was never called, so this is the first time it's called, instantiation happens here
      }
    }
    ```
- (5 min) 3.16 release status
    - 😭
- (2 min) Glimmer.js update (CHG)
- RFCs
    - → FCP
        - [Test Waiter Revamp](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/581) (RJ)
        - [Registry APIs: deprecate micro-syntax; introduce replacement API](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/585) (RJ)
        - [Controller Injection Deprecation](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/574) (CHG)
    - FCP → Merge
    - → FCP to Close
    - FCP to Close → Close
    - Enable
    - Discussion
        - RFC Stages
        - [App Boot Hooks](https://github.com/mehulkar/rfcs/blob/app-boot-hooks/text/0000-app-boot-hooks.md) (CHG)
        - [Test Directories](https://github.com/mehulkar/rfcs/blob/test-directories/text/0000-test-directories.md) (CHG)
        - [SSR By Default](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/579) (CHG)
        - [Promise-based initializers](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/572) (CHG)

## Attendees

- [x]  Yehuda Katz
- [ ]  Tom Dale
- [x]  Kris Selden
- [ ]  Leah Silber
- [x]  Robert Jackson
- [x]  Igor Terzic
- [x]  Matthew Beale
- [x]  Edward Faulkner
- [x]  Dan Gebhardt
- [x]  Godfrey Chan
- [x]  Ricardo Mendes
- [x]  Chad Hietala
- [x]  Katie Gengler
- [x]  Melanie Sumner
- [x]  Jen Weber
- [x]  Chris Garrett

## Minutes

### Creating objects during destruction

RJ: For background for folks who were not involved: There is a PR landed in Ember which basically fixes a pretty severe bug if you use fastboot. If during teardown, any time after initial destruction is created, you lookup a service and so create it in dev you get an error, however in production you do not, however in neither case was the thing destroyed.

RJ: In out case it lead to a large memory leak.

RJ: I tried to write up the scenarios in the PR. I think the thing in question specifically is not that we should do this, I think it was bad and we should fix it, but there is a specific thing which introduces a deprecation when you create an object during destruction.

RJ: The snippet in the agenda demonstrates the thing.

YK: I would add that historically and increasingly now there are patterns... we sometimes encourage people to use patterns which lead to these problems.

RJ: I think you would prefer this not issue a deprecation, correct?

RJ: I think the critical fix is that the thing gets destroyed. But doing the work of creating the thing at all seems bad.

YK: The conclusion I have is that we should not have an end state here where you must write code in the constructor if you use a service. There is nothing that forces that, but I think the nature of the fix is that we encourage that.

YK: If you have a service in your code, in Octane it looks like a field. TS thinks of it as a field that is always there etc. If you have teardown you may put it in the destruction and should be ok.

YK: (description of this in skylight)

KS: Ideally... it is somewhat related to the destroyable RFC. If you can register the hide when doing the show you don't need the destructor.

YK: Yeah I think this is like an effect modifier, and that using that pattern would have made this not be a problem.

KS: Regardless of the pattern the teardown being related to the setup... you want them coupled.

KS: The workaround you have to do now is in the show action you set a flag you are showing, then if showing hide.

YK: We don't have a better pattern right now... I think the solution of "your constructor should 'prime' the service" seems wrong. And I think the deprecation warning will encourage people to do that.

(discussion)

RJ: I'll do a PR to remove the deprecation part

YK: I think finishing the design of the lifecycle thing is the real solution here

(discussion)

Conclusion - Following on discussion for [https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/pull/18717](https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/pull/18717), RJ will remove the deprecation and add a mechanism to track instantiation post destruction (so that addons/apps that care can make sure less overall work is done).

### Glimmer JS

CG: This is a PR to the GlimmerJS application framework.

CG: Basically rips out lot of things.

CG: The application build pipeline was complex / brittle. Not well maintained. So we're going to use a standard bundler.

RJ: The long-term goal is to align with Embroider

CH: The bigger thing is that all the MU stuff is there. So pulling all that out will simplify things a lot.

RJ: I think it will also be a good place to experiment with all the import ideas that we were exploring for SFCs and prelude syntax etc.

RJ: There are a number of things that don't align with the Ember space as well, which makes the project less useful. There are features Ember has that Glimmer doesn't for example.

RJ: There is a goal to migrate a practical real codebase at linkedin as well.

CG: Two things people should pay attention to b/c they are atop what exists in Ember:

(discussion dammit MB had to walk away for something so there are no notes)

MB: Is there anyone else you are working with who are using Glimmer.js?

CG: I know of simplabs and Nest. If you know anyone who wants to discuss, let them know to reach out. We are in rewrite territory.

MS: We should also talk to Intercom

Conclusion:

- Anyone who wants to work through Glimmer.js build pipeline with CG, please ping him. This includes community members.
- People who want to review the building block PR - RJ, CH, CG, KS
- People who want to review the next PR - YK, RJ

### FCP Nominations

[Test Waiter Revamp](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/581)

RJ: First test waiters. We had some takeaway items from last week. I think those updates were made though someone should check.

RJ: (discussion how to teach this to app authors v. addon authors)

MB: It could be configurable or we could strip it

RJ: We could do this but call sites would have to be updated. Modules and method calls have to be stripped.

MB: Is this similar to what we do for DEBUG

RJ: Yes

RJ: There was some back and forth in the issue and I think I addressed all points without being mean. There was a suggestion that you should just mock all async.

KS: Yeah I would not want to work on an app that did that

RJ: Yeah I am not swayed by the argument. I relied to all the points and I don't think it merits a change. Most of it really was in reaction to how we will communicate the impacts of async more clearly.

Conclusion: FCP

### Registry API

[Registry APIs: deprecate micro-syntax; introduce replacement API](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/585) 

RJ: This proposes APIs where you can pass an object to the APIs. There are benefits for TS and there are less string splits etc.

MB: There would be some change in perf characteristics, possibly no change in overall perf

MS: Can you summarize how this changes the app author experience

RJ: Most app authors use `@service` and this doesn't directly change that. In testing when looking up a service it would change looking things up. Anywhere in your code where you would manually call lookup and other owner APIs you would be impacted. Any of those where you pass a string you would now use a POJO.

RJ: There is also an incremental rollout proposal.

MS: Do you think the RFC lays the groundwork for changes to user experience?

RJ: I think it is largely standalone. It improves the TS experience. Not the most important but it is good to make it better.

MB: (discussion clarifying how TS maps the string value of the property "type" to a map of actual types.) Can you also pass the object shape into the service decorator? Should we deprecate the old string?

RJ: That is proposed but is a phased rollout. There's a deprecation section.

MB: Will it be harder to pass a literal class to the `service` decorator?
RJ: That design is unfinished

Conclusion:  FCP

### Controller injection deprecation

[Controller Injection Deprecation](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/574) 

CG: I'd like this to be an FCP or FCP to close

CG: RJ made a good point the other day... this was an API which replaced `needs`

CG: The counter example is if you need to access the query params of a controller from another place. I think the FCP decision here would say that isn't a big deal. The FCP to close decision would mean that functionality is important and we need a solution for query params before we can deprecate this and remove controllers.

RJ: On a scale of 1-10 I care pretty little about this API, like maybe a 3. However I think it is particularly... I think this introduces churn where you need to refactor away from this to refactor to something else in the future. Unknown as regards QPs, and I'm not sure there is value in forcing the conversion today.

(discussion)

RJ: My perspective matches [https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/574#issuecomment-574788984](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/574#issuecomment-574788984)

Conclusion:

FCP to close. We'll add a comment that the motivation makes sense but we should focus on the alternate path as a community, in a way that is iterative. This would require new design/RFC.