# January 14, 2021

Facilitator & Note Taker: JW

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team
- [ ] Amy Lam (AL)
- [ ] Chris Manson (CM)
- [X] Isaac Lee (IL)
- [X] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [X] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Jessica Jordan (JJ)
- [ ] Kenneth Larsen (KL)
- [ ] Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [X] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests
- [x] fozy81

## Weekly review

### Review action items (weekly)
See: [Action items board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/47)

### Review Initiatives board (every other week)
See: [Initiatives board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/33)

### Review PR queue
See: [tracking sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sPyN9z9wZMpTNwqCfa6R9QSPZkIW4iQd-H4gZC7ILLk/edit#gid=2035777454)

## Topics

### Super Rentals Refresh (IL, 15 min)

Mar, from Simplabs, has helped with (1) updating the design of and (2) improving the user experience (UX) for the [Super Rentals website](https://ember-super-rentals.netlify.app/). The proposal document can be found below. Mar has asked for our feedback with 3 UX updates.

The goal is to help elevate the tutorial to improve accessibility and give a fresh, modern look for the super rentals app.

The current scope is to do a CSS-only revision. Then, in the future, we can do bigger changes.

Three things need our input:
1. A proposed change to the "Make larger/make smaller" button. Instead, we could make it be a heart icon. However the heart would get reset when the component is destroyed. We could use this as a teaching moment about persisting data, which is in a later section.
2. Making the whole card a button. We need to make sure we don't use elements that are not valid children of buttons. One possible option is using `:after` psuedoclass. Mar linked to a blog article about how to do this accessibly. https://inclusive-components.design/cards/
3. No results page - this needs template work. Show using if-else or each-else flow. If there are results, show them w/each. If not, show the "No Results" message.

Which is better for beginners, using ifs with each inside, or using each-else? We can see what makes the most sense after we look closely at how this part of the tutorial is currently written.

Conclusion:
We all like the "heart" idea, making the whole card a button, and adding a "no results" message!

Next steps:
- Send feedback to Mar. Isaac will follow up.
- Locks can help with making any changes needed to the tutorial.

- https://www.notion.so/Super-Rentals-refresh-876e177ad8644562a00eb63a251a766f

### Maintaining ember-website (IL, 5 min)

A quick status update on changes that Isaac has made to [`ember-website` repo](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-website/). Discuss near future plans.

Isaac is...
- updating the website from 3.20 to 3.24
- adding more tests
- opening issues for other contributors to help out

How comfortable is everyone with merging these without review?

The Ember Website needs a styleguide update. That could follow the addition of more tests. That PR will need help with review.

## When should we do annual planning?

Not at EmberConf, because it's always very busy.

Mid February - give people a month to think about it. We can figure out our engagement.

RM: This does not need to be a big production. We just need to get a general idea of what we are doing next, acknowledging that the current times we find ourselves in are confusing.

Next steps: Send out a doodle (JW)

## Meeting facilitation

Resume rotation of facilitating responsibilities.

## TypeSense (JG)

Alternative to Algolia. Please have a look at typesense.org and see what you think of it!

JW: We could do a test run with the CLI Guides.

JG: Our current search infrastructure is coupled to Algolia. We also need to think about what a different approach would be. This is not as easy as replacing a plugin.

RM: We also need to consider that Algolia has been very helpful and supportive to us, and navigate this carefully in our decision making.

## Search issues (JG)

Jared has reduced the frequency of indexing. It looks like the same problem as last time - non deterministic order in the index. Jared will look at it this weekend.

## Heroku

What do we need? Things seem to be great! Would be nice to have the postgres addon minutes covered. Leah is ok with paying this if it's not possible.

Action items: need to reply to hone

## Release tool

RM is contining to work on it at full steam! Check out the tool repo. The tool should be functional by the next release.

## Ember Times suggestions
Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?
Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
