# January 6, 2022

Facilitator & Note Taker: 

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [ ] Amy Lam (AL)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [ ] Isaac Lee (IL)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests

- [x] DDash
- [x] Rajakvk

## Weekly review

## Topics

### Followups

Next week when Robert is here, locks has some topics.

1. Search! All search experiences are fragmented with varying degrees of results.
2. The concept of a release. We have a concept of project release. We should make
sure we are all in sync and figure out next steps to communicate with other
core teams and the community.

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

### Give deprecations more structure (RM, 15min)

RM: Deprecation guides don't have a consistent feel to them, and authors don't have good guidelines on how to approach them, either.
RM: We also have a lot of before/after examples, but no real application-support.
RM: I think we could improve on this, and have a couple ideas of increasing ridiculousness :P

At the moment, it is difficult to check a deprecation and see what you need to do.
You have to know the major/minor version.

A possible improvement: In the raw data, the markdown file for the deprecation, have a before & after examples section. We could put the code samples in their own files to run
checks.

Could also refactor the app to not depend on folder structure for version grouping.

CM: We should also so something to make sure that the links in deprecations
are correct. We want to be sure that there is never an older version of Ember
that has a dead link. I wrote an AST script that steps through tags and
looks for deprecation calls, and urls, then copiles it into json to
validate the deprecations. We can use something like this to trigger CI
tests & failures. If we are interested in this, we can add this as a project.

This would be an initiative.

RM: Can you redirect based on url fragments?
CM: yes, in JS, but not in an SEO friendly way, but it's not really an SEO thing.
We can have it so that if someone has js disabled, it would still work
(static built app). But if js loads, could detect the fragment and then redirect.
We can do this safely.

RM: The upgrade app is more useful, letting you check the deprecations in a range.
The screen movement when you follow a link is a problem.
CM/JG: We fixed this shifting recently.

RM: A lot of the deprecation names are 3 lines

JW: Is the upgrade app available to people? It's not in the nav

CM: It's a subdomain of Ember https://upgrade.emberjs.com

CM: To keep our URL guarantee, it's best if the reference material is maintained
separately. But it would be an option for other apps to injest this json,
rather than moving the source material.

RM: Would like to integrate the releases page and the upgrade page

RM: The current app is manually maintained.

RM: If we split out code samples from the markdown, is that too onerous for 
the contributors?

CM: We should weigh the tradeoffs. Since we want to guarantee that links work,
it pushes us towards allowing some difficulties. But on the opposite side,
we don't want framework authors to say, this is too hard, you will have to do it.

RM: We could refactor the folders-per-version structure and instead read it
out of the markdown metadata. We also split per project, and some
things are cross-project

CM: removing project buckets would be more difficult for checking data

JW: it would be great to ask for some prioritization guidance in the
community survey.

RM: Sometimes what people think they want and what they need is different.
We could tweak it a little bit to get more actionable feedback.

DD: We can suggest some tags so we can categorize data easily.

JW: If we can rank, then we can communicate back to people, "hey,
we fixed this thing that was in the top 3."

Results captured in https://github.com/ember-learn/deprecation-app/issues/1057 

### sub-domain for RFCs (RM, 10min)

What we have now:
https://emberjs.github.io/rfcs/0010-engines.html

We want to create our own domain for this. Example:
https://rfcs.emberjs.com/id/0010-engines/

This will be built with empress. For now, it would look like md book,
and we can take control of our URLs. In the future, the app can help
track RFC status.

Consensus on the move to our own URL: let's do it!

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
