# October 3, 2022

Facilitator & Note Taker: AG

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [ ] Jen Weber (JW)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
- [x] Chris Ng (CN)
- [x] Anne-Greeth Schot-van Herwijnen (AG)

### Guests

- [ ] Your name here (INITIALS)

## Weekly review

[Open pull requests](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/pull-requests)

## Topics

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

## [Search in Blog](https://discord.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506/1023921378048618566)

AG: Karel asked if we could provide search in the blogposts, because they found it easier to find the information via the Github search than on the website.
CM: Not super difficult. We have a system that could do search for the prember compiled HTML. No clue what the quality of the search would be. If you google with: `site:blog.emberjs.com INSERT_YOUR_TERM_HERE` you get the best results ever, you can't compete with Google.
CM: We're currently over our index limit, they don't charge us for it yet. But adding the blogs to there will add more indices. This might pose a risk with Algolia's policy. 
AG: Can we add a link that does the `site:blog.emberjs.com INSERT_YOUR_TERM_HERE`?
CM: We could, every search engine can do this. We might not want EmberJS to be pro-Google. 
CM: If we get more questions about it, we can point them to the `site:blog.emberjs.com INSERT_YOUR_TERM_HERE` solution. At some point we could consider adding the blurb on the blog, but not yet.
**Consensus**: Let's not build this because of the decent alternative and the increased complexity it would put on us.

## API docs
RM: API search is broken. Nothing shows up, for any version.
JG: It often breaks on releases.
RM: All the version broke, so it does not seem to have broken on a specific release.
CM: You get results from Algolia, it's not shown in the app. The second time it worked.
JG got it to return results, so it seems to be iffy.
AG gets 4.6 after a hard refresh and 4.7 is lost.
CM: There is something really strange going on.
AG: I can take a look on tuesday or wednesday, and am willing to pair. Jen knows stuff, so I'll ask her.

## [Website redesign](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/70)
- Pagination
- Color logo
- Edit pencil

JG: Haven't spend time on the pagination yet. Somebody else can pick it up after that. I'll try to make progress this week. CM will pick it up the week after.
AG will pick up other things from the board.

## Guides translations
**FYI** CM is working with Marine (Mainmatter) on translating the guides to French. We're okay helping people creating translations. We are encouraging people to only translate the current releases. Community translations are **not** official. We might add support for translations in our template and maybe branding to the community guides so it's clear it's not the official project.


## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
