# February 22, 2022

Facilitator & Note Taker: Jen Weber

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [ ] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests

- [x] nullvoxpopuli

## Weekly review

## Topics

### Cookbook RFC to FCP? (JW, 10min)

Seems good! Framework team has commented. The main takeaway is to consider
maintenance and to look for places where we can move content into this cookbook
instead of adding to the maintenance burden.

There is some movement in the cookbook repo.

JW will mark this FCP.

RM will help with Tweets. This can also be mentioned in the Times.

### Translations (nvp)

NVP: Have been researching language perceptions in frameworks. If we could
make it super easy to update translations, we could attract 
non-native-English-speakers to the platform

RM: JW and I have discussed translations recently in the context of the
cookbook RFC. Other frameworks have resources we do not have. We have tried this
once.

NVP: What was the process of contributing?

RM: We used Crowd In - no PRs or forking etc.

NVP: What I am imagining is that people submit translations without leaving
the site. There are translation widgets that help facilitate this.

RM: We have potentially 2 people for Spanish, 2 for Portuguese, maybe 1 person
who can do Chinese

NVP: Even if we don't have full coverage, it can show that we care

RM: I find patchwork translations frustrating, as a non-native speaker.
We could do an exercise to explore this. We need some filters for spam
and swearwords. What are you thinking for the pipeline?

NVP: go to an Ember page that needs translating. They change the language.
They see half the page is translated. They select an English block of text,
submit the translation. We ask people in teh community to help review.
Could use google translate to verify for swearing etc.

RM: So anyone without login could submit something?

NVP: Yes

RM: We still have the Crowd In

NVP: I was thinking of prototyping the Ember website. Have something showing
ember-intl. We would need a dropdown for languages. The website is a smaller
scope and less complicated than the guides with all their versions

JW: love the idea of prototyping! The website is high visibility and low change,
so it's a great target. Translations for the cheatsheet were very effective.
What happens with people's browser translation tools
when a page is partially translated?

NVP: We can check this out during the prototype!

RM: individual pages are small so it would be best to have a full page
translation before presenting it live. We should also think about the
API docs - that would be high leverage. It's jargony and that's really difficult
for non-native speakers. Could do this piecemeal. Would be tolerable to have
a patchwork of English + translations, since we have pages for separate
methods.

JW: We could do a sweep of API docs to try and simplify some complex sentences.
This would help all readers and pave the way for easier translations. Typedoc
work is happening and might also unlock some possibilities

RM: We should work with the assumption that people won't show up to do
translations. Hope for the best, plan for the worst. Make sure we get quick
wins and make things reversable without huge amounts of work.

JW: Any help or info you need, NVP?

NVP: not right now, I have my own crowd in

JW: I am curious to explore a simplification effort, but also I do not want to
do this until I know whether I can just merge those PRs

RM: Larger refactors would be tricky, smaller stuff could be more readily merged.
If we have a call for action, scoped to making small changes, that could work.

JW: let me know if there's anyone who might be interested to lead the epic.

### Browser support policy page (JG)

It's in a state of transition. Noting this here so it doesn't get lost.
JG will follow up with mixonic.

### Where to doc `get` (JW, 10 min)

### Codemod ordering in "Refactoring Checklist" (RM, 10min)
Guide: https://guides.emberjs.com/release/upgrading/current-edition/#toc_refactoring-checklist
RM: a community member ran into a problem where they first ran the angle bracket codemod and a component stopped rendering.
RM: when they prefixed the property with `this`, the component started rendering once again.
RM: should we tweak the ordering to help prevent edge cases?

We need someone to test this. JW suggests using an earlier version of the API
docs app, before commits by JW and runspired.

RM: when running angle brackets first, the app stopped working.
The end state was ambiguous to Ember in terms of properties vs helpers.
The codemod did not use @ or this. If the codemod to add @ or this
could be run first, that would solve the problem.

JW: we could spend about 10 mins at the end of another meeting to test this.

### learn.emberjs.com sub-domain (RM, 10min)

Clean up learn page and add community resources. Reach out to people like
Mike North etc. to see if they have anything up to date.

### Handbook Topic Review - ??? (team, 10 min)

- let's keep reviewing pages of the learning team handbook for outdated material, we can decide on a page at mtg time.

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
