# January 13, 2022

Facilitator & Note Taker: JW

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests

- [x] nullvoxpopuli
- [x] rajakvk

## Weekly review

## Topics

### ember.js.org splash page (NVP, 10min)

Following the discussion [in a js-org issue](https://github.com/js-org/js.org/pull/6789#issuecomment-1008952693) and a brief discussion in Discord, NVP drafted this splash page https://nullvoxpopuli.github.io/ember-js-org/.
Prior art:
- https://node.js.org/
- https://vue.js.org/

Pros:
- We control the slash page project (NVP would transfer if we go ahead)
- `js.org` is quite popular in the JS community
- We still funnel visitors to the official website

CM: More hamsters! And we should reach out to Leah to make sure we are
aligned.
NV: js org is full of pointers to github sites
JG: Looks great! Would like for us to use a sans serif font to match
NV: Other organizations have specified their own domains to alias to GH pages.
The eventual url displayed would be `https://ember.js.org/`
JW: it is always nice to make sure Ember is represented alongside other frameworks

The plan:
- Transfer to ember-learn org
- Preston stays on as a maintainer - add in the GitHub permissions for this (locks will make a GH team)
- Ship the prototype, core team needs to comment that we want this, so the node js people know
that it's ok to move forward
- Fix serif/sans serif

### Tailwind appendix to Ember CLI Guides (NVP, JW, ?min)

PR: https://github.com/ember-learn/cli-guides/pull/245

JW: I am excited about this as part of our story for how Ember works with JS
tools
RM: The url is a little odd because it doesn't match the heading
CM: A little bit concerned that this may be a communication that "hey,
you should be using tailwind"
JW: We already have a section that tries to communicate this
CM: What about using "Live reload and third party libraries"
NP: I would love to add live reload and broccoli
JW: What about "Live Reload and Tailwind" for discoverabilty
RM: We could grow this as a page for "Advanced" about Live Reload in general,
and link to Tailwind in the appendix
CM: If someone is googling, they would find the page regardless of whether
Tailwind is an h1 or an h2
JW: When should we make changes to the heading?
CM: Before shipping since it will propogate through SEO
NP: I will make the change to the header, table of contents. Maybe
"Live reload integration"
NP: What about "Live reload and Tailwind"
CM: would prefer if Tailwind isn't in the h1

Action items - tag learning core team for review, we wait a couple days for
comments, and merge if there are no issues

### review team handbook (RM, 5min)
I think we should come up with a simple plan and cadence to review our non-programming resources.
To start, I suggest updating the [Team Leadership](https://github.com/ember-learn/handbook/blob/main/team-leadership.md) page of hour handbook.
I was checking the repo for other reasons and upon reading that particular page found it quite outdated.

Desired outcomes:
- Simple plan for cadence

Each week, we look at these pages together.

JW: love this idea, a lot has changed and we should chat about what we want to do today.
RM: especially if we are looking to bring in more people, we should make this
more accurate

### improve search across sub-sites (API, Guides, Deprecations, etc) (RM & JW, xx min)

- All search experiences are fragmented with varying degrees of results.

RM: We have search separate for API docs, guides, and deprecations.
I have seen complaints of not being able to find things for search.
Would like to brainstorm ideas for omnisearch, and maybe include the website

CM: I have lots of experience with this so far. I can give a quick overview
with my thoughst on direction. We have this problem: search infra is complex.
It doesn't do what typical search indexing is supposed to do for the API docs.
It's very custom. Whereas, the new system (for the guides) is a normal search index thing
with html output that feeds into a text index. This is possible because
we pre-render. If we want a full index on the api docs, we need to
explore pre-rendering. We have talked about this before - it would simplify
deployment and reduce risk.

The other issue is that with Algolia, you have to search a single index.
All resources would need to use the same method (the guides method, with
pre rendering). Then you can have a filter at the top, for searching individual
resources or searching all things. Ideally we have 1 index we search with
metadata about which site it's on.

JW: This is my dream, and if we can solve search at the same time, that's awesome

JG: Is there an opportunity to combine with the efforts by Chris Krycho and Chris Freeman?

JW: Yes, if we have the time. If we think of this as a product, search + TS + prerender
all go together to make something great

CM: We don't necessarily need to tie these all together. We might think
that more metadata helps us create better search, but we don't want to be
creating custom indexes no matter what. Algolia has an index extractor.
We could move from fastboot to prember now and we are not blocked on this.

JW: Can we poke at this in our next pairing session?

CM: Yes

JW and CM will pair on prember for API docs and writing a test for existing
search to prevent regressions

### what is a release (RM, xx min)

- The concept of a release. We have a concept of project release. We should make
sure we are all in sync and figure out next steps to communicate with other
core teams and the community.

### Growing the team (JW, probably next week 20 mins)

### Super rentals and bugs (RM, probably next week)

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

Looking for help writing about addon releases. The list is already in the
PR for the next issue!

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
