# October 24, 2022

Facilitator & Note Taker: JG

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
- [] Chris Ng (CN)
- [x] Anne-Greeth Schot-van Herwijnen (AG)

### Guests

- [ ] Your name here (INITIALS)

## Weekly review

[Open pull requests](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/pull-requests)

## Topics

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

### Release / blog post (JG)

- JG I'm writing the release blog post which should go out as soon as Data is done and I'll bundle it together with the next edition of the Times.

### Website redesign update (CM)

- CM been working on the plumbing tasks, one of which was get field guide / style guide embroider optimized which will allow our websites to be optimized as well.
- CM almost done with a longer running piece of work, still working on an auto import issue.
- CM embroider meeting has been moved which should allow CM to attend them more often and get a solution in place.
- CM things are very close, minification is breaking on the production build. You could fix this by turning off minification for particular files, but you can't do this as an addon.
- CM in general there's some broader participation from people on embroider.

### PR review (AG)

- AG https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pull/1215 is this a draft still? do we need to check in with anyone?
- JG I'll check w the author
- CM probably not worth holding up the next Times issue for it
- AG https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-website/pull/957/files what should we do with it?
- JG is this in response to an issue, seems like no.
- CM probably do not need to address it.
- Closed the PR with a comment.
- We reviewed https://github.com/ember-learn/super-rentals-tutorial/pull/216 together and left feedback.

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
