# March 10, 2022

Facilitator & Note Taker: Ricardo Mendes

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [ ] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests

- [ ] Chris Ng (CN)

## Weekly review

## Topics

### Code mod bug (JW & JG, 10 min)

Any follow up needed on the code mod bug discussed last week.

JW: I'll confirm with the framework team if there's any unknown unknown (to us) about the ordering of the codemods in https://guides.emberjs.com/v4.2.0/upgrading/current-edition/ or if it's ok to flip 2) and 3).

### Review and Update Handbook (JG, 15 min)

We could potentially review a part of the handbook and update where necessary.

- [x] Merge explanation of what content goes into which Guide

### EmberConf (JW)

JW: do we want to do anything to drum up engagement with learning resources?
RM: no time for contributor's workshop
JW: my idea then would be to have a call for action
JW: I've thought about organizing a cookbook writing workshop
RM: I can help or do a "European timezone" one

### learn.emberjs.com sub-domain (RM, 10min)

Clean up learn page and add community resources. Reach out to people like
Mike North etc. to see if they have anything up to date.

### TypeScript and learning material (RM, 10min)

RM: TS team mentioned two ideas for documentation material: 1. have a JS/TS toggle in the documentation; 2. add a TypeScript header to the guides and migrate documentation from https://docs.ember-cli-typescript.com/
RM: we've had opinions about toggles in the past
JW: the previous discussion was about Classic vs. Octane which would not be feasible
JW: JS vs. TS seems more aligned
RM: we might be able to write it once and strip out TS during build?

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
