# May 2, 2022

Facilitator & Note Taker: AG

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
- [x] Chris Ng (CN)
- [x] Anne-Greeth Schot-van Herwijnen (AG)

### Guests
Mehul

## Weekly review
CM and RM have been pairing for an RFC-tracking app. Coming along faster, so there will be a release soon ([ember-rfcs](https://ember-rfcs.netlify.app/id/0617-rfc-stages)). For the first version there is no difference to the current app. It will be moved to Netlify and an ember-subdomain. AG asks if there are concrete plans for a version 2 that is different from the current one. CM says there are no current concrete plans, we'll iterate from there.
## Topics

## Writing workshop
JW: "It was really cool!". RM had 2 people join and JW had 5 people join. The participants are probably not new Times writers, so we should continue the effort. There are [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1oytseexIiUb3kHPBcMQpaAR2PkHlKBL_c6z3MNK4298/edit?usp=sharing) so you can try run it yourself. Feel free to reuse and adapt it. There are a lot of examples. AG suggests maybe we can claim a 5 minute talk/video about how to write for the Times at Ember Europe. CM suggest to do a 5-10 minute video on [his stream](https://www.twitch.tv/real_ate). The slides could be rewritten to cater more to English-as-a-Second-Language writers. The recording will be uploaded to YouTube by JW.

### Goals brainstorming
JW suggests to make a doc where we could make gather input and discuss that here. AG suggests a meeting prepped to discuss this structured. JW and AG will prep a meeting to get alignment on Learning team goals. RM thinks the document is not sufficient. We want alignment in the team, so doing a document will not achieve this. There is a project list that we should revisit. RM suggests to revisit the list after the alignment so we make the right decisions.

### TypeScript in the docs (see previous week's notes)
Continuing the conversation, from where we left off from previous weeks:

The TS team wants to introduce TS into learning resources:

- A toggle for code samples, which could impact prose. Could be a
full website toggle or a per-code-sample toggle.
- Take content from docs.ember-cli-typescript.com and incorporate into the
guides

JW has a small update: [The whole discussion is on discord](https://discord.com/channels/480462759797063690/786312479620726804/966840311672352838). Working group is a good idea. They have someone that could pass over the guides to look at what needs to change regarding to prose. There are some regards about Ember Data, including why the TS toggles could be tricky for Ember Data. JW will create a [Notion Doc](https://www.notion.so/emberteam/TypeScript-for-Ember-Guides-API-docs-448bd920db20495bb7ec0a568de107e4) (not publically available) to dump the information. RM mentions that we need to have a discussion about Ember Data relatively soon. AG asks if we need to prepare that discussion beforehand, because the scope is big.

## Ember Times suggestions

JG was too busy to update the PR with ideas/topics from news/announcements, so we can feel free to add topcis ourselves.

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

### New time slot
Succes, JG has enough time and the workweek has not filled everything yet. CM tells us that there are 8 Irish holidays on a monday so he will join more often with his daughters.

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
