# 2016-01-19 Agenda

### Previously

- [ ] RM: CouchDB access for Ilya
- [ ] TJ: Reach out to Tom Dale about future API changes with modules, and questions about namespaces.
- [ ] RM: Make issue about Core Concepts missing Controller
- [x] DB: integrate the Netlify CLI tool into guides CD system, make sure it works well
- [ ] GM: file fastboot issues from api docs
- [ ] SR: send locks like to emberitas workshop materials
- [ ] TJ: research alternatives to google maps in tutorial
- [ ] TJ: clarify future of input helper.

### Topics

- Status updates
- ?

# Action Items

- [ ]

# Minutes

## Attendees

- TJ: Todd Jordan @toddjordan
- DB: David Baker @acorncom
- SC: Sarah Clatterbuck @sclatter

## Notes

---

### Netlify

DB: Swapped the guides firebase deploy tool for netlify.  Waiting for the cname to be switched and then we'll be done on the migration

### Tutorial

TJ: Working on gradually introducing improvements based on new user feedback.  There are a few PRs out for review on this, if they can be looked at soon.  Will continue to introduce PRs in small chuncks.

### API Doc App

TJ: Have not spent much time, but would like to get something available here for ember conf.  There's an outstanding issue around what items are shown as namespaces vs classes in modules.  Will pick it back up this week.

### Block Component PR

SC:  Created a PR, waiting for some feedback/direction to proceed.

TJ:  See if you can combine the new page with the existing block components page

DB: We've been trying the limit the number of pages we have in guides, so it makes sense to combine the 2 pages.

SC: will do
