# July 11, 2022

Facilitator & Note Taker: JW

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
- [x] Chris Ng (CN)
- [ ] Anne-Greeth Schot-van Herwijnen (AG)

### Guests

- [x] thaobach
- [x] Dhanush
- [x] Mehul
- [x] Dan Monroe
- [x] shubham

## Weekly review

[Open pull requests](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/pull-requests)

## Topics

### RFCs

CM - Chris Krycho was asking about having footnote support for markdown in
RFCs. As far as I know, there's only one RFC that uses it, the TypeScript
RFC. If we support footnotes, should we support them across the board?

JG - I can see why we want to be consistent, but it also seems like the RFCs
are the most academic-ish, and the most likely place to use them.
I could imagine using them in blog posts but don't have a need now.

JW - let's think of it as a user request. Does it make sense for the RFC
app? Is it a better use of time to turn it into plain text, and
prioritize other things?

[How it renders in GitHub markdown](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/blob/a7ed514f24284e340744acf049f356c2b49e91f0/text/0800-ts-adoption-plan.md)

[How it renders in the app](https://rfcs.emberjs.com/id/0800-ts-adoption-plan)

JW - I think this should rank low compared to the priority of making this
app communicate stages progress, since it's only 1 affected RFC

### Release post

JW - Have a draft, waiting for CLI release

### TypeScript for learning resources

Thao is a senior software developer at LI. Thao has been working with 
Chris Krycho on the next stages of implementing TS in the docs.
Has been brainstorming and researching together with Chris Krycho and Jen Weber.

TB - would like to open up the conversation to get feedback before
diving into implementation. Series of questions:

We would add content changes to the guides. There would be TS code
samples and some prose to go with it. There may be explanations that
are specific to the TS. Ideally we would have 1 code sample in TS and
transpile it into JS so we don't have to maintain 2 code versions.
We would also need to figure out how to add TS types to the API docs.

JW had mentioned that API docs and Guides work need to be done separately.

1. Should I separate investigation from Guides and API?

CM - There's a UX question. How does someone switch between versions?
Should that be the same for Guides and API docs?

TB - better UX is probably to have a global switch. If you are only interested
in one language, you would not want to switch it for each example.
Based on discussion in the learning team channel, there may be some
need for a case-by-case, in addition. Will propose what I think is the
better option but will also consider feedback.

RM - we are happy that people are interested in TS and are willing to help!
If there is any defensiveness sensed, we are resource-constrained. But
we want to strive towards this goal. We can break things into steps.
API docs is a better place to start. For example - could begin with
reading the docs off the TS in the source code. Then later worry about examples.
It's constrained and separate. Even in the current guides, we have the tutorial.
Want us to keep in mind a way to get small wins!

TB - my hazy understanding is, there is already support for type definitions.
It's a matter of surfacing it on the docs for people to see it.

RM - we are using YUIdoc, which is very old and predates JS modules. So
what you see is hacky. If we could extract the docs from TS, that would be a
huge improvement. We have very limited cross-linking (links between docs pages.)

2. What is the specific repository that does the heavy lifting?

JW - the architecture doc I shared has a list. ember-jsonapi-docs has the
hacks and turns json into JSONAPI

CM - what about the docs in git project?

JW - I got it working as a proof of concept

CM - the best thing about finishing that project would be that we would not
need to do a re-release of Ember in order to fix docs. Do we want to
make the git part a requirement? no, but it would make your life 1000x easier.

TB - could potentially be a blocker, since it will make API docs changes
a lot easier. On the flipside, further increase the scope.

TB - given the increase in scope, would it better to start with the Guides
instead?

CM - the API docs are less forgiving. But if you are ok with that, the
git thing doesn't need to be a blocker.

JW - one option is to not try and retrofit this into the old docs pipeline.
Could process the docs with something like TSDocs, and after a certain version,
you get a different experience. Let the new tooling guide the architecture.

RM - I would be up to that, because the current app isn't in a great place.
The API docs are the way they are because we had to work with YUIdocs.

RM - another thing I will add is, the Tutorial app already runs and modifies
code. Could be a good first option for having some TS content.
There's a section for Ember Data, which may be extracted from the tutorial,
which would be even less content in the future.

CM - I find the Tutorial to be complex. You would need to work with
Godfrey Chan.

TB - what I am gathering is that they will be complex in their own ways.

TB - next steps for me are to understand what I am dealing with and try to
better scope this out. Have some ideas of which paths to take.
Start with API docs? What to take on? Do the git work? Maybe make a second app?
If I do start investigating the guides, is the tutorial the best place?
How does versioning work? Would need to make sure we don't break existing
versions.

CM - one caveat. For integrating TS with API docs, do we need to change
the code comments? If we had something that was shipped beside the
existing data, where we wouldn't have the pressure.

CM - we can't say that will do tutorial first and then the guides,
because the guides build the docs for the tutorial

RM - tutorial still seems easier. Maybe we should start with the fuzzier pieces

JW - after this conversation, I think a good starting point is to
use TypeScript for the types and not YUIDoc, because YUIDoc is a dead end street.

CM  - if we implement this in GitHub, we could then take the old stuff and convert
it to the new format. You could leave the older docs for the team to wrangle with.

TB - when I write the RFC for this, is it best to have a prototype first?

CM - if a prototype is useful for you to write the RFC, and it's not arduous,
go for it. But would not consider it a blocker.

### Yarn/npm start RFC

Dhanush and collaborators have a first draft and will share it!


<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
