# July 1, 2021

Facilitator & Note Taker: 

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [ ] Amy Lam (AL)
- [ ] Chris Manson (CM)
- [ ] Isaac Lee (IL)
- [ ] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Kenneth Larsen (KL)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [x] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests

- [x] ankush
- [x] Devashis

## Weekly review

### Review action items (weekly)

See: [Action items board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/47)

### Review Initiatives board (every other week)

See: [Initiatives board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/33) or [2021 initiatives board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/51)

- [ ] Action item: Ask JW if wants Mentorship program brought to 2021.
- [ ] Action item: Status check: CM can move things from 2020 to 2021, AL can update the agenda template.

### Review PR queue

See: [tracking sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sPyN9z9wZMpTNwqCfa6R9QSPZkIW4iQd-H4gZC7ILLk/edit#gid=2035777454)

- [ ] Action item: Check in with JW on PR's next time here.

## Topics

For today's meeting, we drafted an RFC for changes to the welcome page.

### Next steps for the welcome addon/page

- Start making the proposal

Things to put in a proposal about changing the welcome page:
- Things we need to consider (bundle size, UX, maintenance)
- Pros of changing it, for each option
- Cons of changing it, for each option
Our best idea so far is to only include the welcome page when you include a flag with Ember CLI, such as ember new my-app --welcome-page, and include the files in their raw form. Eventually there would need to be an RFC to remove the existing welcome page approach, I think.

# Improving the hello world app experience

We have learned from our users that it can be confusing to generate a new
app and not be able to edit what you see when you run the app locally.
We want to give our new users the chance to make small changes to the
welcome page experience, as part of their learning journey.

## How things work today

Today, by default, all new apps come with the `ember-welcome-page`, which
has a component and CSS that show up in `application.hbs`.

Developers can exclude this addon via a flag, `--no-welcome-page` when they
generate a new app.

In a production build, the welcome page assets are stripped out.
You get an error and a blank screen if you try to deploy the "Hello World"
Ember experience.

## Considerations

- Bundle size - we know that the Ember core teams want to keep Ember's
production build bundle size as small possible. In general, this goal helps us
Ember be competitive in quantitative comparisons with other frameworks.
- User experience - The welcome page is likely someone's first experience
running Ember locally.
- Maintenance - whatever changes are made must work well for ember-cli-update

## Drawbacks of today's approach

- It is strange to have an extra dependency in new apps
- New users can't find any of the text on the welcome page and will get
lost/frustrated/confused as they try to make changes to it

## Goals for changes

- Let new users explore the welcome page component
and see how it works.
- We want to keep the bundle size as small as possible
- Once someone has created the app and installed dependencies, they do not
need any internet to see the welcome page
- Someone should be able to deploy the app with its welcome page
- The app comes with everything you need to complete the tutorial.

## Proposal

When you generate a new app, you can include the flag `--tutorial`.
These instructions are provided in Ember's official tutorials.

When you include this flag, the following things happen:

- The application.hbs file uses a component, `<WelcomePage />`
- The WelcomePage component's files are created in the component folder
- CSS for the welcome page and official tutorial goes in `tutorial.css` and there's an import in `app.css`
- Images go in the `public/images` folder, or we remove our reliance on images

We would not strip out any of these assets in production builds.
The tutorial will encourage people to remove them once they don't need them.

The welcome page will include links to correct version of the Guides,
Tutorial, and API docs.

We would deprecate the `--no-welcome-page` flag and the `ember-welcome-page`
addon.

## Alternatives considered

- Hotlink the image - this does not fit within our goal of making the welcome
page work offline
- base64 encoded image - confusing to new developers
- Putting css directly in `app.css` - we want to encourage best practices
and make it easy to remove the `tutorial.css` when it's time.


## Feedback on Tutorial

- It's easy to miss the link to download the CSS. We should explore ways
to make this more prominent.

## Next steps

- Devashish will open an RFC that contains the new feature and deprecation,
together with Ankush and Sumit
- Try to think through as many details as possible. Think about what
questions someone may have, and include your best guess at the answer in your
proposal.
- Identify who would implement the changes
- Locks is available to review and respond to questions

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
