# March 17, 2022

Facilitator & Note Taker: 

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [ ] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [ ] Jen Weber (JW)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests

- [x] Chris Ng (INITIALS)

## Weekly review

## Topics

### Writing workshop

Weekend after EmberConf, or the following!

How to advertise:
- Ask Leah about featuring it
- Discord (event & chat)
- Twitter
- Ember Times (JW will write up)

When to offer EU timezone option?
- Same day?
- Following day?
- Following Saturday? - this is what we'll do, so that we have time to review the first batch of PRs, and people can build on them.

What content would we feature?
- Cookbook

Action item:
- JW will send out calendar invites
- JW will make a signup form
- Writeup for the Times - would be good to announce now! (JW can write a short blurb)
### Help wanted

Almost done!

### Cookbook update!

- Planning out the vision
- JW will check in to see what kdeo wants to get out of the next meeting, will loop in Chris Ng
- Also heard from gossi, who has made a learning resource that he offers as a content source
- grab content from Ember Atlas

### RFC stages

Chris Manson is working on an app to show RFCs and it's moving along!
There are some questions about how to manage links and when to create artifacts.
Can be a bit fuzzy about how to follow the process for non-core framework things.

### Website redesign

Most remaining tasks are non beginner friendly. Jared & Chris M are still working
on it. Experienced contributors would be a huge help!

Acute issue - a11y goals plus inconsistent navbar

### Review and Update Handbook

Done! Did the sitemap


<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

Future topics:
### learn.emberjs.com sub-domain (RM, 10min)
### TypeScript and learning material (RM, 10min)


## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

- EmberConf
- Writing workshop
- The survey
- Cookbook RFC

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
