# Month Day, Year

Facilitator & Note Taker: JW

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [ ] Chris Manson (CM)
- [ ] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests

- [x] fozy81
- [x] Mehul

## Weekly review

## Topics

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

## Learning team-focused blog post about new team members

JW: What has been done here in the past?

RM: The contributor spotlight is the closest thing. Recommend using the Ember
Times so it's lower pressure.

JW: Who is this person, what are some things they worked on, some Q&A like a
mini interview

## EmberConf Panel?

JW: LS wants to know if the Learning Team wants to do an emberconf panel
(6 people max). Could be a panel of LT members, or we could have a panel where
the LT interviews some Ember experts. Thoughts?

RM:AMA style of just the learning team is not as interesting as other formats.
Leaning towards the idea of involving a framework team member.

## Writing workshop

Set some times & dates

### Next week - look at JennyJudova's StackOverflow data (JW, 10min)

Can Jenny come to meetings? Should we review together before we invite Jenny?

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
