# September 24, 2020

Facilitator & Note Taker: 

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team
- [ ] Amy Lam (AL)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Isaac Lee (IL)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Jessica Jordan (JJ)
- [ ] Kenneth Larsen (KL)
- [ ] Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests
- [x] fozy81

## Weekly review

### Review action items (weekly)
See: [Action items board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/47)

### Review Initiatives board (every other week)
See: [Initiatives board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/33)

### Review PR queue
See: [tracking sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sPyN9z9wZMpTNwqCfa6R9QSPZkIW4iQd-H4gZC7ILLk/edit#gid=2035777454)

## Topics

### What makes a quorum? (general discussion, 5 min)

There might not have been a prior definition for a quorum. We will want to be specific.

Let's decide on the definition between tomorrow and next meeting?

### Follow-up to Ember Guides feedback (IL, 5-10 min)

If there is a quorum, let's follow up on last week's discussion on [conveying better a change in code](https://github.com/emberjs/core-notes/blob/master/learning-team/2020-09/2020-09-17.md#feedback-for-ember-guides-il-10-min)? Additional feedback can be found in https://github.com/ember-learn/guides-source/issues/1534.

- Move to next week

### RFC awareness (RM, 15min)
There have been two RFCs merged recently that impact our work more directly, [Deprecation Staging](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/blob/master/text/0649-deprecation-staging.md) and [RFC Stages](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/blob/master/text/0617-rfc-stages.md).
I think it would be nice to take some minutes to make sure everyone in the team is levelled up.

- Move to next week

### Follow-up on Upgrade Guide subdomain (JG, 5-10 min)
We briefly discussed adding a subdomain for the [upgrade guide app](https://github.com/ember-learn/upgrade-guide) that Kenneth has built, but we did not have a quorum to make a decision. Let's discuss this issue again.

- Move to next week

### Prepare for Hacktoberfest (JW, 40 min)

JW - Hacktoberfest provides an opportunity for us to invite new contributors to help out with open-source repos for Ember.

Last year, `#hacktoberfest` channel provided a place to meet and communicate. The CLI Guides (i.e. a large project) were worked on (during Hacktoberfest) maybe two years ago?

RM - We need to first fix the bug in Help Wanted (indexing). A possible solution is to temporarily remove All Issues button for Hacktoberfest.

RM - It may be difficult to create well-scoped issues for repos in `emberjs` and `ember-cli` organizations. Creating reproductions of an issue may not count towards Hacktoberfest but is still valuable.

#### Hacktoberfest Announcements

link to help-wanted, link to Hacktoberfest site, encourage people to register, mention prizes, mention that it's for PRs starting on Oct 1st, mention the hacktoberfest discord channel, make sure to describe it as a global event so it doesn't sound like just us. Remind people that Women & POC channels exist.

1. Ember Times
2. Discord announcements
3. Ember.js Twitter
4. Invite your friends and colleagues!
5. Hacktoberfest discord channel
6. Women and POC Connect channels

#### Coordination
1. Post in core-meta to remind other teams and ask if they have things they want to highlight
2. Ask the adopted ember addon team if they need help
3. "office hours" - one at the start of the month, one at the end. Two different timezones. Make a doodle poll! Also there is the workshop on the 16th. One hour. Meeting in the Discord channel.
4. Find out who will pair/chat with new people 1:1 - say so in the Hacktoberfest channel

#### Maintenance
1. Triage - remove "all issues" button, and then fix Help Wanted index page so that it shows all the issues, and reinstate the button https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-help-wanted/issues/156
1. Add whats-new-in-emberland to help-wanted, and upgrade-guide
1. Document how to add more repos
1. Look at Help Wanted. Are there outdated/irrelevant issues?
2. Do any repos have stale PRs that make them look difficult to contribute to? Ember.js still looks scary, and Ember CLI. Can we get anyone on core teams to look at them? Lots of work has been done here already by locks - ping locks if you have questions about how to help. 
3. Keep an eye on Hacktoberfest issues
4. Keep an eye on PRs

#### Issue writing Goals
1. ~10 beginner issues. See standard blurb to copy-paste for the beginning.
2. ~10 intermediate issues. Contributing tests might be good entry points for ember.js and ember-cli. API docs are another area. Creating reproductions of bugs (would not count towards prizes but is part of the celebration)
3. Reach out to key members who expressed interest, asking how we can help support


## Ember Times suggestions
Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

- [ ] Ember CLI announcement (thanks to fozy81), ask for user feedback
- Are there any new CLI commands that the Learning Team needs to document?

## Any Questions?
Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
