# September 24, 2020

Facilitator & Note Taker: Isaac Lee

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team
- [ ] Amy Lam (AL)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Isaac Lee (IL)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Jessica Jordan (JJ)
- [ ] Kenneth Larsen (KL)
- [ ] Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests
- [x] fozy81

## Weekly review

### Review action items (weekly)
See: [Action items board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/47)

### Review Initiatives board (every other week)
See: [Initiatives board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/33)

### Review PR queue
See: [tracking sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sPyN9z9wZMpTNwqCfa6R9QSPZkIW4iQd-H4gZC7ILLk/edit#gid=2035777454)

## Topics

### What makes a quorum? (general discussion, 5 min)

There might not have been a prior definition for a quorum. We will want to be specific.

Let's decide on the definition between tomorrow and next meeting?

### Follow-up to Ember Guides feedback (IL, 5-10 min)

If there is a quorum, let's follow up on last week's discussion on [conveying better a change in code](https://github.com/emberjs/core-notes/blob/master/learning-team/2020-09/2020-09-17.md#feedback-for-ember-guides-il-10-min)? Additional feedback can be found in https://github.com/ember-learn/guides-source/issues/1534.

- Move to next week

### RFC awareness (RM, 15min)
There have been two RFCs merged recently that impact our work more directly, [Deprecation Staging](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/blob/master/text/0649-deprecation-staging.md) and [RFC Stages](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/blob/master/text/0617-rfc-stages.md).
I think it would be nice to take some minutes to make sure everyone in the team is levelled up.

- Move to next week

### Follow-up on Upgrade Guide subdomain (JG, 5-10 min)
We briefly discussed adding a subdomain for the [upgrade guide app](https://github.com/ember-learn/upgrade-guide) that Kenneth has built, but we did not have a quorum to make a decision. Let's discuss this issue again.

- Move to next week

### Prepare for Hacktoberfest (JW, 40 min)

JW - Hacktoberfest provides an opportunity for us to invite new contributors to help out with open-source repos for Ember.

Last year, `#hacktoberfest` channel provided a place to meet and communicate. The CLI Guides (i.e. a large project) were worked on maybe two years ago?

RM - We need to first fix the bug in Help Wanted (indexing). A possible solution is to temporarily remove All Issues button for Hacktoberfest.

RM - It may be difficult to create well-scoped issues for repos in `emberjs` and `ember-cli` organizations. Creating reproductions of an issue may not count towards Hacktoberfest but is still valuable.


## Ember Times suggestions
Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

- [ ] Ember CLI announcement (thanks to fozy81), ask for user feedback
- Are there any new CLI commands that the Learning Team needs to document?

## Any Questions?
Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
