# June 4, 2021

## Agenda

- (public) (**5 min**) 3.27 Status Update (GC)
    - Should we drop IE 11 from default targets?
- (public) (**15 min**) Lint Rules (GC)
- (public) (**5 min**) Do we need ember-fetch? (GC)

## Attendees

- [ ]  Yehuda Katz (YK)
- [ ]  Tom Dale (TD)
- [x]  Kris Selden (KS)
- [ ]  Leah Silber (LS)
- [ ]  Robert Jackson (RJ)
- [ ]  Igor Terzic (IT)
- [x]  Matthew Beale (MB)
- [x]  Edward Faulkner (EF)
- [ ]  Dan Gebhardt (DG)
- [x]  Godfrey Chan (GC)
- [x]  Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ]  Chad Hietala (CH)
- [x]  Katie Gengler (KG)
- [x]  Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [ ]  Jen Weber (JW)
- [x]  Chris Garrett (CG)

## Action Items

- [ ]  To-do...

## Minutes

### Need to revert [https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/pull/19584](https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/pull/19584) - Pzuraq is busy, Godfrey will do it. Also there will be more posted in the core-framework channel.

IE11 drop- Rob has reservations but Godfrey is unsure what they are. Does anyone else have reservations? He plans to check with Rob and sort it out unless anyone else has concerns.

Lint Rules:

Godfrey noticed that there are some lint rules that are not aligned with the direction of the framework, so we should get these aligned. How could we pay more attention to this? Should they be RFC'd?

Potential Solution(s):

We can review the current linting rules during the next week, and review concerns in next weeks meeting.

We could then add major versions to this meeting before release

We could also RFC major versions of linters.

We could flag in the READMEs that rules related to deprecation RFCs should include references to affected linting rules (part of the "how we teach this" section).

The question is how much process is appropriate.

It might be a good idea to share the big picture so we don't have to micromanage the process.

Ember Fetch

`ember-fetch` does more than just providing fetch. it also provides a hook to do things like inject common headers. needing to teach `import fetch from "fetch";` and seems to go against the "more vanilla js" vibe.

GC: The Ember global deprecation caused a lot of noise, but I have been cleaning up the ecosystem.

KG: There was a point release that fixed the lazy hash issue

GC: Last time we discussed that when you pass arguments to the hash helper they are now evaluated eagerly. In the past they were not. But that might be a regression going back to 3.26 even.

CG: Around 3.22 or 3.23 hash went from lazy in templates to eager everywhere. Prior to that is was eager sometimes and lazy other times. We found it at LI on 3.24. On 3.27 we tried to patch it and it caused the bugs we're running into.

CG: Two workarounds where posted. One involved on set we add a description, the other is when we look up the computed dependencies and check to see if they are a hash. I don't think any of this restores exactly what we had before, but it allows us to keep moving in a lazy direction.

KS: I prefer the fix that patches it on chains. That covered observables and CPs both, and it doesn't affect set in a way that might accidentally add some other capability we want in the future. Like maybe for autotrack we don't want them to have a very lazy notification.

GC: So is the fix good to go? Do we block the 3.27 blog post on it?

CG: I think @Robert Jackson would want us to block the blog post on 3.27 until we have some solution, whether that be rolling back all the hash changes. We can roll back the lazy stuff, or we could roll forward and bump glimmer vm for a dependency.

CG: I think it would be safer to do that, to roll back the implementation in 3.27, then hash this out on 3.28 beta.

(agreement that getting it fixed eventually in the LTS cycle is important)

(discussion, CG handing off reversion to GC)

GC: I'd like to remove IE11 from the targets for Ember CLI in 3.27. I will check with @Robert Jackson, he had some reservations.

KG: The blocker issue we mentioned two weeks ago, Node 10 issues, was resolved. It was only in the test suite. However @Robert Jackson mentioned that there were some other issues in CLI and beta was failing on CI.

### Lint Rules

GC: I noticed the lint rules we include by default stepped up from being just stylistic and now include best practice. So now there are some cases where we are not aligned in the directions we are headed. Or there are consequential changes that might be conflict. In the long term I want to pay more attention to the lint rules, or have the major rules go through the RFC process. It is hard to know when you need to do that ahead of time though.

GC: At some point we replicated the deprecation messages from Ember into the linter. I think it is motivated by better build-time errors etc, but the problem is usually the deprecation and lint message are diverged. I noticed when I write a deprecation in Ember there is usually the ability to use runtime information to really inform how to address the issue. Additionally there is a deprecation coming in lints which nudge users toward an ember-specific fetch, but that feels at odds with getting people to use more vanilla APIs.

KS: I'm guessing it is so code can work on Node and in browser.

GC: I think that is a fine thing, and maybe good for addons. But the default generated app doesn't use fastboot for example.

KS: It is a common thing for packages for any API that has to be used on node.

EF: We had consensus to polyfill the global at some point.

GC: Let me split it out. I was trying to use the fetch thing as an example that the lint rule thing can let items slip past us.

(discussion)

MS: We can bring the lint rules back to this group next week to discuss. We usually only turn them to "on" by default when releasing a major.

(discussion about the RFC process and the linting library, balancing giving things approval vs. friction)

(discussion, EF & GC quite sure we don't want to encourage ember-fetch imports as a happy path)

(we will discuss rules and goverenance for linting next week)

(there is a bi-directional issue: lints may be added to cover a deprecation in an uncoordinated way, but also deprecations may be added without evaluating lints that already exist)