# August 19, 2021

Facilitator & Note Taker: 

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [ ] Amy Lam (AL)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [ ] Isaac Lee (IL)
- [ ] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests

- [x] rajakvk
- [x] prakash

## Weekly review

### Review Initiatives board (every other week)

See: [Initiatives board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/51)

locks volunteered to help Katie with RFC stages. Expecting to work on that
in a couple weeks or so.

### Review PR queue

See: [tracking sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sPyN9z9wZMpTNwqCfa6R9QSPZkIW4iQd-H4gZC7ILLk/edit#gid=2035777454)

## Topics

### Report back from framework core meeting (JW, 15 mins)

I shared our v4 plan with the framework core team, and we are on track. I'll
walk through the details and we can determine our next steps.

RM: For the upgrade guides, we should consider moving it to the editions page for octane.
https://emberjs.com/editions/octane/

JW: The editions pages are going to get more attention at v4

RM: We have also mentioned polaris now.

JW: Is polaris just the seed of an idea now?

RM: It's a name, and that's the only thing decided so far

Next steps:
- Make a list of all the files and check them off as we go
- Edit the upgrade guide - revise feature flags section
- Make sure to label PRs correctly for them to go into beta, see ember.js README 
- Open an issue - The editions page for Octane needs some love. These are not new things now.
- Open an issue - The editions page should say what editions are and what you should know/do about it.




### Continued - teaching CSS better (JW?)

https://github.com/ember-learn/guides-source/issues/1709

What should we do next? Please read and see what feedback we want to discuss.

- RM: this is a problem that we keep facing - where do we draw the line between teaching Ember vs everything around Ember. One answer we had was that we could do multiple tutorials, so we could focus on different things on different tutorials. But that hasn't happened yet. I mostly agree with Godfrey, that a new page is overcorrecting. The link is easily missed. Where place ourselves in the teaching story is separate. Just like having the addon for the welcome page is magical, having a cli flag is also magical.
- CM: My thoughts are a little mixed. Maybe having a separate page isn't the right way forward. You don't need a crash course in the universe of web skills in order to start learning Ember. Not sure I agree with the sentiment against using an addon/generator. We already had people run the cli to generate other things, we had them npm install, and we didn't have to explain that. Having an addon with hidden css is a bad idea. But having an addon with a blueprint that creates CSS isn't the same. Putting in a Zoey Says is probably a good idea. A Zoey says on the next page could be helpful: "By the way, if your thing doesn't look like this, you might have missed the Add the CSS section"
- CM: "Orientation" sounds skippable. If you skim to see "what should I do" it is hard.
- RM: We don't explain the welcome addon and people are confused
- CM: People get confused in the deployment scenario
- RM: They get confused because they can't change the addon
- CM: this is why I prefer a blueprint over hiding the CSS in an addon
- CM: Here is some more context. I have been targeting absolute beginners for Empress Blog. I have a command where I instruct "just say yes to overriding" as part of the setup steps
- RM: Can we have a curl instead? Having to maintain an addon is more work.
- CM: The curl idea could also work, but we need to consider Windows setips. curl or wget complications.

### Share some help wanted issues

rajakvk is happy to help if anyone wants to send over issues.

JW and CM will send some things over!

### Reviewing PR 

https://github.com/ember-learn/guides-source/pull/1716

Merged!


<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

### Future topic

Try to fix the spreadsheet https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sPyN9z9wZMpTNwqCfa6R9QSPZkIW4iQd-H4gZC7ILLk/edit#gid=0

Or maybe we should build it into help-wanted, which is the real plan.

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
