# Dec 2nd, 2021

Facilitator & Note Taker: 

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [ ] Amy Lam (AL)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [ ] Isaac Lee (IL)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [x] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests

- [x] Rajakvk

## Weekly review

### Field Guide
- CM: Working on an upgrade path for Ember CLI addon docs. This is for Field Guide.
We are almost at the point where we can encourage people to start their docs with
field guide or migrate. 
- JW: would be good to have a demo!
- CM: Maybe do a demo in 2-3 weeks
- RW: I have a few addons we can try this with!
- CM: Yeah that would be good to try it on some of our own things
- RK: One thing I noticed during the livestream is that the font size is not
viewable.
- CM: I will make the text much bigger! I have been livestreaming development
of the migrator tool

### CLI Guides

- I just merged a whole bunch of PRs this morning

### Help wanted

- JW and CM have been working showing stale PRs, starting with the back end, now moving to the front end

## Topics

### Ember 4 (5 min)

Quick check in. Anything we should be doing besides waiting?

- CM: locks is working on recompiling the precompiled stuff for the Guides.
It's now precompiled up to 3.24. This was merged.



<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
