# November 4th, 2021

Facilitator & Note Taker: 

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [ ] Amy Lam (AL)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [ ] Isaac Lee (IL)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests

- [x] Rajakvk

## Weekly review

### Review Initiatives board (every other week)

See: [Initiatives board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/51)

### Review PR queue

See: [tracking sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sPyN9z9wZMpTNwqCfa6R9QSPZkIW4iQd-H4gZC7ILLk/edit#gid=2035777454)

## Topics

### 4.0

Our to do list

Before release:
- Review the deprecations app to make sure that everything is up to date
- Get the docs PRs for emberjs merged. [List](https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+DOC)
- Review the blog post
- Do a release of https://upgrade.emberjs.com/ to catch up

During release, follow the handbook. i.e.
- Merge relevant Guides PRs
- Use the release tool to update the guides, API docs, releases page, glitch
- Merge the blog post
- Add the blog post to dev.to
- Do a release of https://upgrade.emberjs.com/ for 4.0

Follow up
- Wikipedia
- Twitter official account
- reddit
- hackernews?
- JavaScript weekly, FrontEnd weekly
- Ask people to blog
- A followup blog post with vision & inspirational stuff
- podcasts
- Ember Times celebratory post/topic

For our next meeting:
- Keep tabs on the [blog post progress](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pull/1036/files)

### Hacktoberfest wrap up

- It was a light year on purpose. No churn to deal with.
- Good practice to ask people to help with addons
- Minimal spam this year

### Sharing secrets within the team (RM)

We don't have a good way to share secrets like env vars. The release tool
was using heroku for something and RM needed a place to put the secrets.

What's our strategy?

1Password has a plan for OSS teams.
We can ask the other teams what they are using.

locks will chat with the other teams to see if we can be added.

GitHub - scripting something to get a value is very hard to do.

CM: but if we're just using these values in scripts shouldn't we keep them in something like github and run the scripts in github actions

RM: confustion

CM: wait, we want to both be able to access (and view) the secrets **and** be able to run scripts using them. And if we used something like 1Password we would be using their API in the tool to access the right valut to get the secret. I get it now 🙈

RM: should we use hashicorp vault? 

CM: I've used vault before but it seems less useful than 1Password for what we need (very kubernetes'y). Maybe we just go with 1Password

RM: sounds good

@thelocks will look into this (and is adding the action item himself)

### PR review!

- [willTransition refactor](https://github.com/ember-learn/guides-source/runs/3554717123?check_suite_focus=true)

### The spreadsheet

### Cookbook

No updates, JW will check in with the RFC author to see if they need help

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
