# @Oct 25, 2019

## Agenda

- 3.14 is Monday
- RFCs
    - → FCP
    - FCP → Merge
    - → FCP to Close
    - FCP
        - [https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/462](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/462) (Module Unification addon config API) is in FCP FYI. Should close it next week. (MB)
    - FCP to Close → Close
    - Enable

## Attendees

- [x]  Yehuda Katz
- [ ]  Tom Dale
- [x]  Kris Selden
- [ ]  Leah Silber
- [x]  Robert Jackson
- [ ]  Igor Terzic
- [x]  Matthew Beale
- [x]  Edward Faulkner

- [x]  Dan Gebhardt
- [x]  Godfrey Chan
- [ ]  Ricardo Mendes
- [x]  Chad Hietala
- [x]  Katie Gengler
- [x]  Melanie Sumner
- [x]  Jen Weber
- [x]  Chris Garrett

## Minutes

### 3.14 is Scheduled for Monday

YK: The tldr is I don't think we are ready.

RJ: I think we are really close but not ready. For example CG has been fixing things out of the main path all week. Ed the blocked in Ember CLI is gone. There are still a few related issues with new projects. One is that we landed ember-fetch by default, but right now if you create a project and add fastboot you just get an error all the time. It is not ideal.

YK: GC and I are hunting down a bug that seems to be due to backburner issues or something. In 3.13 stable navigating between two things causes an error in one of our apps. I think related to beforeModel not being in a runloop any longer.

RJ: I understand what you mean, but it is unlikely to be an issue in BB itself.

YK: We've traced 80% of it, but we don't know what is happening.

RJ: There is another issue, anything that uses ember cli addon docs, that clobbers the afterModel but doesn't return the result of super so you aren't waiting on the transition any more.

RJ: I think your starting assumption is that it should be related to tracked if it is in 3.13.

YK: I think it is something wrt a promise which is resolving but not in a runloop causing a render before the route enters.

RJ: We released a beta for @glimmer/component beta 1.0. IT was mostly fixing up the types.

YK: There is also the inspector is not done, GC and working on it.

YK: It just seems like we're not ready. It is a procedural concern. There is a special thing here which is we want a release which is not an ecosystem-wide thing. We took off the safely belts so it is hard to roll back. I think if you forced me we could ship, but basically I think we should extend the beta period a bit.

RJ: I think the list of things we have resolved is roughly infinite.

YK: Well what I mean is we did most of the things from 3.13 that we knew were there, I think we can say we did it but there are a few more things.

RJ: I think we need to decide how long do we want to say. I think having a blog post at least on the time would be good. In general it is not uncommon for a delay to be a week. But I think this is more and more significant. I think if it is greater than 2 or 3 weeks we should just push Octane.

YK: Let me reiterate some conversation, but I don't have a horse in this race. So now that we have a starting position- Yesterday I was just like lets make 3.15 Octane. But I think there is a lot of confusion to fix if we do 3.15 as Octane.

RJ: Right I think there is also docs stuff. We have a bunch of content in Octane, but the master branch would need a bunch of updated if 3.14 wasn't Octane.

JW: I think it is not actually do bad. I can't think of anything we would backport. There isn't a ton we need to do we would just cut a release.

YK: I was persuaded by GC that you would then need to explain that 3.14 is not Octane. You could say "we should not have say 3.14" but that is another conversation.

JW: So I'm sorry we missed part of this conversation

RJ: Not to belittle that, but the idea that we will fix the bugs before any deadline isn't going to happen. There will be bugs.

YK: What I mean is we are starting to get feedback and a lot of the bugs are low-hanging and "dumb".

YK: I agree none of these things on their own is enough. But I also agree the inspector is a blocker on its own.

JW: Do we think that needs more than a week?

YK: I think that inspector on its own is sufficient does not mean that other stuff in combination is not enough.

JW: I've been trying to think of messaging and if we didn't do 3.14 at Octane.

(discussion)

YK: I think I will assert there is agreement we are not ready. So do we release and punt to 3.15, or do we delay 3.14.

YK: I think we could not announce it, but people who are insiders will want us to be clear about what is going on?

MS: Have we ever announced a versioned release delay?

RJ: Yeah I think in 1.6 we regressed and there was a long block.

YK: We're not just saying whoops, we are saying we need more beta.

EF: So whenever we decide to bless Octane is the important part. We could release 3.14.0 and have it not Octane, but mark 3.14.2 as Octane.

RJ: Yes, we would need to change a bunch of spots like Ember CLI. Node does something like this, Node 12.0 is not actually the LTS, 12.something is.

JW: I know the process is generally the train release. Since Octane is a bit different what drawbacks... What are the drawbacks of delaying 3.14 aside from delaying... aside from breaking our process.

CG: There is maybe also a concern it means we won't make it.

YK: I think everyone agrees that we *could* do it now. But if we are ok now I think doing it in 3 weeks would be a sure thing. But I think other teams might look and think that this being pushed off might mean other projects should do the same in the future.

RJ: I think for me the inspector not working is a hard blocker I care about. I think it is mostly do we push it back and for how long. That is the main question to me.

RJ: My default position is that 3.14 should be released. I can't mentally account of the "we already said 3.14 is Octane"

YK: I'd really ask you to put aside the concerns we shouldn't do that.

RJ: Yeah I think we should not set dates.

(discussion)

KS: You could just publish an old release

YK: Yeah you would have to do it across the board, ember data etc. What GC said which was helpful is that if you say it isn't 3.14 then people will be confused when it isn't. They will go to work and be confused. It is probably too high of a cost.

JW: Can I suggest an alternative where we say "hey there are bugs that have come to our attention and we're going to continue to work and will share an estimate on Friday"

YK: What RJ is saying is that we have a culture of the train is the train.

JW: Right so I think it is a question of the user experience, what is more important the train or saying 3.14 is Octane. At 3.13 we didn't ship.

YK: I think that isn't the same. at 3.13 we didn't think we have it and we thought we could get it done in 6 weeks and we didn't.

DG: The messaging behind Octane has always been polish and coherence and if we can't do it we should just make it 3.15.

YK: I really don't want to have a debate about if we did the right thing.

DG: I think the messaging to the community is coherence and polish.

YK: I think the group agrees with that. They agree we should not ship Octane on Monday.

DG: We could enable the flags for 3.15 beta so that by default it is Octane and we push to there.

GC: Hello.

RJ: Here is the thing I think we have been doing this a long time and small delays turn into big delays and then things take longer than expected.

YK: I think we need to be concerned about insiders who are getting negative

(discussion)

GC: I think it is a matter that we said 3.14 a couple times, it is repeated and in discord and talks everywhere. There will be people who don't get the message and are confused.

(discussion)

RJ: I don't think... let me suggest a counter suggestion: The sets of problems that we are talking about are not in Ember or Ember CLI. We will continue to find issues in ember and ember cli.

(discussion)

Proposals:

- Commit to 4ish betas, and commit that if we aren't ready then 3.14 won't be Octane
- Release 3.14.0 as non-Octane, but make a point release later Octane

(discussion)

JW: So our URL structure accounts for patch release. We can put a little flag next to things. There are LTS labels etc. So before we would hinge thing on the guides I would want to see if we can have it do a patch release. That doesn't help us for the API docs. But maybe that doesn't matter since it is all stable API.

GC: I think this proposal doesn't help the confusion problem as I have it in my mind.

RJ: I'm saying we release 3.14 and continue to work on the ecosystem issues and bugs.

(discussion)

**Options:**

1. **Ship 3.14. Then Octane is pushed to 3.15 (internal facing target). - This is the plan.**
    1. Complications - clear but disappointing
2. ~~Ship 3.14. Mark Octane as a patch release on 3.14~~
3. Release 3.14.0 to npm, but don't make a blog post until blockers are resolved (and don't release Guides)
    1. Complications - dependabot flows get confusing. Probably still need to say something to clarify what is going on. Time pressure is uncomfortable.
4. Delay 3.14 for n weeks until blockers are resolved
    1. Announce that we're doing that
        1. Commit to only 4ish releases before we give up and release 3.14 w/o Octane
    2. Don't announce that we're doing that
        1. 
5. Delay a few weeks and then decide what to do. Choose some # of betas that we all agree to. If we don't hit it, 3.14 ships then, and 3.15 would be Octane.
    1. Complications - with the list of things remaining, it is maybe 6 weeks of work

**Things we need to do no matter what:**

- Some messaging to help community members & other core team members understand, maybe office hours
- Update the 3.13 blog post. We said in the blog post that we would share delay info.
- Fix inspector
- Fix bugs
- Cut 1.0 of Glimmer
- Add Glimmer docs into ember.js
- Something about co-location

**If we made Octane 3.15, in the blog post:**

Enumerate the list of things we did to make progress

Enumerate the list of things that still need to be done (vaguely. We also make an internal list with ourselves)

Center it around the messaging "we promised polish. We want to deliver on that promise."

What are the things we need to roll back? Anything?

- ember source and data do not need changes
- ember cli should remove the octane edition flag

**To do -**

Workshop a statement we can share in core meta

Known Issues:

- Inspector
- 

(discussion)

YK: What I said to TD yesterday is that it is kind of the the Ember / SC thing, it is painful now but in a year nobody will remember it.

KG: There is one gotcha with 3.15 which is that after that is an LTS.

YK: And also it is the holidays which is a poor time to release Octane.

(discussion)

YK: MS you are right. GC are you ok with that position?

GC: Yeah I would prefer that over the other alternatives. I think it is important that we feel good about it, because I don't want to feed any emo.

RJ: Who ever feels good about missing a deadline?

YK: I think his goal is we don't want to give off the signal is that we're going to slip. Focus on that we're..

DG: We're getting 2 out of three, train model coherence/polish, but not keeping the deadline.

(discussion)

GC: I have a notion form before my vacation. I think that is along the line of what we have done.

YK: I think all that positive means is that we talk about it in a way which talks about it charitably.

JW: I am have 3 questions: We have all kind of settled that 3.14 ships non-Octane and Octane ships when it is ready.

EF: Right and we just put the right spin on the messaging. Highlight the progress made, focus on the things we have already done.

GC: So what do we need to do?

RJ: Ember source and ember data don't need changes. Ember CLI needs to drop the edition setting and that should be it.

JW: How do we share with the core teams? Is there anything we should say in our own words, in our own messaging assuming that it will be apparent.

EF: I think the thing we talked about from the public is good, but we should share that we want to hit 3.15 but we wouldn't say that publicly. But because it is an edition we won't do it.