
## Agenda

- Choose a facilitator for next week
- Review last weekâ€™s action items (facilitator copy them over here)
- How is our PR queue doing? How many older than a week? Tracking sheet
- Review new RFCs/RFC Tracking 
- Last minute issues for Contributor workshop (tonight!)
- 2 PRs from Todd
    - https://github.com/ember-learn/guides-source/pull/711
    - https://github.com/ember-learn/super-rentals/pull/121/files
- Do we have thoughts on this PR?
    - https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-styleguide/pull/152
- Amy: docs-team => learning-team folder https://github.com/emberjs/core-notes/pull/273
- Spend some time adding some of the Airtable initiatives (20 mins?)

## Action Items 

- [ ] Follow up with Mel about the yearly split on Airtable @Chris M 
- [ ] Take a look at the documentation for deployment in the handbook and make sure itâ€™s up to date @Chris M 
- [ ] Put together a plan for video content production. CM has started talking to people like Gavin for help in the future. He has done a lot of great videos and is very motivated to help.   - @Melanie S will take this to the marketing team
- [ ] CM JJ: Chat about â€œsubmit your own whitepaperâ€ style of project showcase data - Question based.
- [ ] Core team members - sign up for â€œProduct Championsâ€ in Airtable. Goal of 2 people per project. Where we donâ€™t have that, we discuss how to change it

## Minutes

Attendees (Initials: Name @Discord)

- [x] DB: David Baker (acorncom)
- [x] AL: Amy Lam (amyrlam)
- [x] CM: Chris Manson (Chris Manson)
- [x] RM: Ricardo Mendes (locks)
- [x] JG: Jared Galanis
- [x] JW: Jen Weber (jenweber)
- [x] KL: Kenneth Larsen (kennethlarsen)

## Notes
- next facilitator is probably mel (@Chris M to confirm) 
- Tracking RFC backlog
    - last week we did a few tracking issues
    - 10 issues still need a review (all different sizes)
    - CM - what is considered â€œdoneâ€
        - do a best effort to represent the work that needs to be done and then you can mark it as ğŸ‘  done
        - ask yourself: 
            - should this change the guides
            - should this change the api docs
            - does this change any mental models
        - create an issue and link it in the tracking issue
        - done is being tracked in the airtable - Learning Team Airtable - tab at the end
    - doing well overall - working down the backlog
    - there can be some improvements to the RFC tracking overall (e.g. deprecations workflow)
    - Question: should we add issues or add a checkbox on tracking issues to delete deprecated codeâ€™s documentation?
        - CM: if we donâ€™t close a tracking issue until documentation is deleted (major release) then too many RFCs will be in progress
        - RM: maybe we create an issue per version to remove code and documentation (based off the until: flag) 
- Octane Navbar Menu?
    - JW: link to editions instead of just Octane? 
    - CM: seems good ğŸ˜‚ 
- â€œDocs teamâ€ to â€œLearning Teamâ€ folder for core notes
    - general discussion 
    - merging amyâ€™s PR ğŸ‰ consensus 
- Airtable cleanup workshop ğŸ› ï¸ 
