# April 23nd, 2020

Facilitator & Note Taker: Jen

## Attendees

### Core Team

- [x]  Chris Manson (CM)
- [ ]  Amy Lam (AL)
- [x]  Ricard Mendes (RM)
- [x]  Jessica Jordan (JJ)
- [ ]  Sivakumar Kailasam (SK)
- [x]  Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [x]  Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ]  Kenneth Larsen (KL)
- [ ]  Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests

- [x] Jared
- [x] Alexey Kostevich
- [x] Gaurav Munjal
- Add yourself if you attended!

## Weekly Agenda

- [x]  Review action items (update weekly)
- [x]  Review [Initiatives](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/19) [Board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/33) [](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/19)(every second week)
- [x]  How is our PR queue doing? How many older than a week? [Tracking sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sPyN9z9wZMpTNwqCfa6R9QSPZkIW4iQd-H4gZC7ILLk/edit#gid=2035777454)
- [ ]  Review new RFCs/[RFC Tracking](https://github.com/emberjs/rfc-tracking)
- [ ]  Any suggestions for the Ember Times? Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Topics

### Add heading for developer tools and rename Ember Inspector (RM)
- https://github.com/ember-learn/guides-source/pull/1404

Seems good! Ship it.

### Decisions around the future of styleguide (CM/MS)
- https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-styleguide/issues/310

CM: Concerns about this approach because it could lead contributors to a dead end
RM: I think this should be a learning team discussion, since strike teams are ephemeral
MS: I am working on an ember-adjacent project and I wanted to grab the colors. I was wondering why this isn't part of a smaller package. These colors are unlikely to change. It would be small, not touched often, and could unlock some experimentation. Consistent with patterns being used in the rest of Ember in order to break stuff into smaller packages.
JW: What if we split them out but kept it in this package?
CM: Adds maintenance overhead so there's a balance to strike. Interested to let the styleguide settle for 6 months first.
RM: Could make it a mono-repo. Don't necessarily need to make these be addons either. Could be regular npm packages, thanks to auto import. Would reduce burden of updating Ember packages.
GM: As someone who put together a mono-repo, it's a significant time investment upfront. Reduces long term maintenance but you still have to do package divisions.
CM: We need to be cautious to increase complexity. Don't want to make drastic changes (like mono repo things).
MS: This would not be a drastic change. It would help things I'm working on right now. I can copy-paste if needed. What are specific objections?
CM: From an organizational perspective, adding another package for people who are not already in the know is overhead.
MS: Would this prevent color branding things being shown in the style guide?
CM: We can make it work
MS: Our goal is to make it easier for contributors. Zero contributors should touch branding colors.
CM: Having too many packages to navigate is the main concern.
JJ: Could you share who would be negatively affected?
CM: Main concern is onboarding
RM: People would have to link locally
RM: Which areas would you like to experiment with?
MS: Only branding colors. Anything else is a larger conversation.
CM: If we are talking about just branding, I have no objections. Only concerned about breaking up into further packages, which was my impression from the issue

Summarize: Seems ok as long as it is solely the branding colors, which new contributors would not change anyway. MS will update the issue to be clear.


### Deprecation app release (CM)
(Most discussion moved to next week)
- Should not have been a surprise to the Learning Team
- Should not have been a surprise to the Website Redesign Strike Team

Thanks Jared and Melanie and others for your work!
https://deprecations.emberjs.com/

### Contributing guides strike team (RM)
- Boot it up in the near future?

RM: Had a check with JJ to understand goals. I will start working on it very soon. Thinking of booting up a strike team.
CS: Can you add it to the initiatives board?
RM: yes

## API docs (GM)

GM: Not really enough time for this but we could have a special meeting for it. Alexey is helping out.
CM: Should we do a call for help in the Times?
JW: I think it's a little too in-depth. Need some planning first.
MS: How urgent is this?
GM: I think the 404s have some urgency
RM: 404s are intermittent

GM will pick a time, invite JW, Alexey, Siva.

## Breakout rooms next week? (JW/MS)

CM: Can't wait a month to talk about the Deprecations Guide
MS: Interested to try out breakout rooms, as the next step. Being able to include some joint time seems helpful.
CM: My one remaining concern is incorporating the meeting time changes.
MS: My PR still needs work, and it's not ready to merge yet
JW: Should we start with everyone together and then do breakouts? How long should we timebox deprecation app for?
CM: 10 mins for deprecation app, plus discussion time
RM: Could do 30 mins/30 mins
MS: It's an experiment, we can try out different things.

## Tracking action items (RM)
(Moved to next week)
