# API Docs - 2020-04-25

Following on a discussion at this past week's Learning Team meeting, there was a breakout to work on API docs. This was not a "formal" team meeting but we publish our notes here for public access.

Presenting: Sivakumar Kailasam

Attending: 
- Sivakumar Kailasam
- Jen Weber
- Alexey Kostevich
- Ricardo Mendes

Note taker: JW

## ember-jsonapi-docs

To understand how to work with the docs, you have to know some of the history. (Showed YUIdocs default, showed old docs in the wayback machine). YUIdocs is unmaintained and it's a big job to adopt it.

It's important to remember that people are still stuck on 1.x docs, and make sure they still work.

There is the API docs viewer but also the API docs generator that turns the docs into JSONAPI. What we used to do was publish YUIdocs to S3 then pull it down and process it.

Now we keep the source files and always be in a state where we can process all the docs on demand.

Some legacy files are only on api-store.emberjs.com - important to keep a local backup because we can't generate them again.

Our hosting/infra options are often limited because we don't have the money to pay for different solutions. So we generate the files locally and push them to S3.

Files are fingerprinted within an index file, according to their contents. That way data stays cached in the browser unless the content changes.

## ember-api-docs

This is a fairly normal Ember app, plus Fastboot. This is the only ember-learning app that is Fastboot. We keep it as Fastboot and not prember so that we understand the pain points.

To do better testing, one thing someone could use here would be Polly.js which captures all requests and records the files to the project itself.

Automated tests are good but can't be solely relied on.

The ember-api-docs app is hosted on Heroku. Most requests are fielded by Fastly first (our CDN). Fastly handles the gzip of the app because it's faster than Heroku. We don't gzip the json docs because that's done locally.

There are 2 Fastly services - one for caching the app itself, and one for the JSONAPI docs

We have some logging on Fastly. We are not taking full advantage of the features. Amy Lam knows a lot about some of them (like the server fallback, IP block list, etc) but we haven't invested much time in it yet. 

Fastly has provided sponsorship year over year, and the more we can use their features, the better!

## HTTP/HTTPS

There is a toggle on Fastly that we can flip (HSTS). Amy has access & can probably configure this.

## Known issues

- See issues queue
- When you switch versions and a class doesn't exist in the destination version, you get a 404. Would be better to show search results instead.
- Sometimes, when people write docs, they do not check the links. There are broken links lingering still.
- Search is only done for the selected package - UX is slightly confusing at the moment
- This app is on an old version of Ember. We are blocked from upgrading to Octane by Fastboot incompatibilities.
- Can't scroll through code blocks. Code blocks do not meet our accessibility goals.

## New work

There is a branch called `next-gen` that has WIP fixes for problems with the app/pipeline.

### Motivation

Every time we did a release, there seemed to be problems and it was difficult to fix them. Sometimes, the changes took multiple releases. Sometimes they never got fixed in the source.

The canonical thing to do is to do a patch release of the source libs. But that its a lot of overhead on limited resources.

So far we have instead edited by hand. But that's not version controlled.

The ember-data team and ember.js don't do the same handling of their docs. When ED moves to subpackages, we will have to make changes. We access the latest yuidocs via unpkg.

We have started saving the docs ourselves in [released-js-docs](https://github.com/ember-learn/released-js-docs) which has its own GitHub Action that copies down the source. Semantic release autopublishes a new release to npm whenever new docs are added / exising docs are modified on that repo.

released-js-docs is a npm dependency in the next-gen branch of ember-jsonapi-docs. If we setup renovate bot to automerge any changes to a released-js-docs, then ember-jsonapi-docs would generate & release json docs via a github action. 

Now, everything would be on GitHub! Easy for anyone to see what is wrong or how to fix. And if something needs to be fixed, you can change it in the JSON and do a release, and it will go out.


### Pipeline

We are trying to move the processing pipeline and "source of truth" docs JSON into GitHub

### The meta store

When you put something in the meta store, it can be difficult to access. So we have a meta object service, but that caused big problems. I moved the meta into the models themselves. That was the major change in `next-gen` branch.

### Code blocks

Gatsby-remark-vscode is very accessible! 

In the past, we never used the `@example` feature of YUIDocs! There are multiple recent releases where people added them but they didn't render. This is fixed in nextgen.

### Other pipeline optimizations

- Moved from marked to [remark.js](https://remark.js.org/) for markdown processing.
- Better concurrent processing of docs to reduce overall processing time.

### Backwards compat

Important to know that we try to make URLs live forever.
There is a lot of code for this in the app. But this is not performant. 

This work is not started yet, but we should probably write an express server to do the redirects.

### Commands

There is a next-gen branch in ember-jsonapi-docs that has CLI commands (see "commands" folder). There is a command that will download the latest canary build from Ember and build them. Then you could run the app.

This work could continue with creating canary-api.emberjs.com that shows these results, or add canary to the dropdown. Need to be careful to make sure these are not indexed by search engines.

### Typescript

Some files are converted to TS!

## Development path

Work in next-gen is done side by side, with next-gen in its own path on s3, so we can flip back and forth if needed. SK made sure that it could be possible to migrate fully when ready.

SK is around to help give reviews! But doesn't have much time for hands-on development.

Easiest entry points to pick up work:
1. Run the `next-gen` branch of the `ember-api-docs` app locally and check to see if all functionalities work
1. Update the nextgen branch against `master`
1. Add styling for code blocks.
1. Remove [project service](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-api-docs/blob/next-gen/app/services/project.js) since current state is maintained in the app adapter.
1. We no longer need to find the latest version of docs in our code using utils like [get-last-version](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-api-docs/blob/next-gen/app/utils/get-last-version.js#L3) since order is guarenteed to be sorted when we receive them in the json api doc.
1. Figuring out the launch of the full pipeline

Some tasks that can be individually worked on:
1. A [few routes](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-api-docs/blob/next-gen/app/router.js#L83-L86) on the app exist only for backward compatibility reasons. We should move the logic from their routes to the [fastboot middleware](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-api-docs/blob/master/bin/ember-fastboot#L63) to get better perf.
1. [This action for the sidebar](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-api-docs/blob/next-gen/app/components/table-of-contents.js#L6) is the only functionality that requires jquery. Consider replacing it with css transitions instead so that the jquery dependency can be removed.
1. The [legacy module service](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-api-docs/blob/next-gen/app/services/legacy-module-mappings.js) imports the mapping as a json file at runtime. This can be replaced by importing the module like a regular npm module(thanks to ember-auto-import).
