# 2020-01-02

Facilitator & Note Taker: Jen

## Today's Topics

- Migrating the Cheat Sheet to an Ember app (JW)
- Heard any feedback for Octane?
- Any requests for Framework F2F? (JW)
- What should our priorities be now that Octane is out? [Initiatives Board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/19)
- Next steps for splitting out the tutorial
- 

## Attendees

- [x]  Chris Manson (CM)
- [x]  Amy Lam (AL)
- [ ]  Ricard Mendes (RM)
- [ ]  Jessica Jordan (JJ)
- [x]  Sivakumar Kailasam (SK)
- [x]  Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [x]  Jen Weber (JW)
- [x]  Kenneth Larsen (KL)
- [ ]  David Baker (DB)
- [x]  Robert Wagner (RW)
- [x]  Dan Monroe (DM)

## Action Items

- [ ]  Facilitator to add notes to [core-notes GitHub repo](https://github.com/emberjs/core-notes/)
- [ ]  Yehuda will write some prose for a contributing guide to explain some approach decisions
- [x]  @Amy Lam Invite for Thurs the 16th, 15:00 UTC to 17:00 for the Octane Cleanup Party
- [ ]  Add info about mentoring to the contributing guide
- [ ]  Everyone: review [https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/567](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/567) and JW will add a to-do for a future Times edition
- [ ]  Octane Addon blueprints & guides issue - RW can help but we need the base info. CM has some context as well. Should ping Katie and RJ. Pinged by Jen
- [ ]  JW - bring up the RFC tracking at the F2F
- [ ]  Everyone - have a read through the handbook to look for outdated info/missing things/gaps
- [ ]  CM - KL - AL Restart weekly meetings/pairing sessions on the Ember Blog
- [x]  CM Add the Tutorials site to the Learning Team F2F agenda, in case we don't get to it sooner
- [ ]  

## Minutes

**Times**

- AL: Next issue of the Ember Times will be an Octane special!
- JW: any help needed?
- AL: Will post in core-learning if anything is needed
- JW: As an aside, the learning team should review [https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/567](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/567)

**Cheatsheets app**

- JW: Can we move over from a vanilla app to an Ember app?
- CM: What do we want here for the URL?
- JW: Would be cool to do other cheat sheets!
- CM: Has it been prembered? Need to think about this for SEO
- JW: would not want to feature it in the navbar until we have a version w/o classic info

Questions:

Decide on a URL (cheatsheets.emberjs.com???)

Prember the app

Does it need to use Ember Stylguide? (decide on URL first)

Does it need to be in the top navbar? (Get some user feedback - find out # of page visits)

**Feedback on Octane?**

- RW: Any guides for addon authors? Upgrading to Octane isn't backwards compatible. Out of the box, ember try fails
- JW: Katie was going to write something up
- JW: Any Ember Try scenario in the blueprint should require the necessary polyfills

**Framework F2F**

JW: Any questions I should bring up?

CM: Do we want to revive tracking repo?

CM: If it was going to be dropped, we should still do our own tracking, like the initiatives board

JW: Has it been helpful in its current form?

KL: Yes, good for release posts

RW: Haven't used it much for Inspector

CM: I like that RFC tracking is closer to reality about the work that is done *after* an RFC is merged. It's a potential communication tool for showing how the features come together, but so far it is only useful internally.

CM: There's a plan to add the work tracking to the RFC web page, but not done yet. This makes it a communication tool.

MS: I think we should have an agenda item for this, "What do we want this to be?"

**What are our wishes for the time between now and EmberConf?**

- JW: Grow the # of people who are on the core team, and figure out whether to do project-based meetings vs big meetings every week
- MS: Get more of our process added to the handbook. For example, what the meeting structure is and then we propose changes to it.
- JW: Anything else that should be added?
- MS: We should read it and look at the gaps. Are there things in it that people aren't doing? Things that they are doing but are not recorded.
- CM: Reboot the blog pairing sessions/meetings with KL and AL