# May 27, 2021

Facilitator & Note Taker: 

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [x] Amy Lam (AL)
- [ ] Chris Manson (CM)
- [ ] Isaac Lee (IL)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Jessica Jordan (JJ)
- [ ] Kenneth Larsen (KL)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests

- [x] void_malex (INITIALS)

## Weekly review

### Review action items (weekly)

See: [Action items board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/47)

### Review Initiatives board (every other week)

See: [Initiatives board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/33)

### Review PR queue

See: [tracking sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sPyN9z9wZMpTNwqCfa6R9QSPZkIW4iQd-H4gZC7ILLk/edit#gid=2035777454)

## Topics

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

## New site features and ember data docs improvements

JW: There's now an Ember data landing page in the API docs! In the future, its content will come from the main. It's gonna be cool! Runspired helped make this happen. The Ember data devs have also put a ton of work into the API docs lately and are excited to make it available in the upcoming releases

### ember-json-api-docs

AL added in this topic as carryover, so don't forget? Am not sure who does the next release

- [ ] Action item for next release: Heroku-related: JW says there has been some bug fixes to ember-json-api-docs, but a fix from lifeart (https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-jsonapi-docs/pull/97) was missing. Can we be sure to do a pull in the next release? RM checked out the tool code (https://github.com/ember-learn/tool-new-release), which now clones from GitHub, so we're not sure why it didn't pull. Perhaps can do it once locally to fix old generated docs and ensure that ember-jsonapi-docs/pull/97 gets in?

Action: Keep an eye out when doing the next release.

### ember-api-docs (JW)

runspired has offered help!
We have a community member who can help triage issues

JW: We want to refactor the ember-api-docs app into Octane.
Also want to offer David Tang the ability to triage.
This is an opportunity to have an app showing dynamic routing
and solid, modern Ember Data practices
CM: One request, if there are things done in the refactor that aren't represented in the guides, we should add it.
JW: totally

Consensus - add David Tang, do the refactor

## Docs generation in general

RM: void_malex found a bug in the documentation
RM: Our documentation is coupled to the source code. To backport the fix, we would have to do releases
CM: We are talking about both our current position and our future dreams. Are bugfixes like this part of the goal of moving our data source to git?
JW: Yes
RM: We can make some changes to S3 docs today. I don't the source code to mismatch what we present
JW: I think there's a line where we make small changes in git but larger things should def go in the source code
CM: We could accumulate changes over time and then open patch PRs
RM: Ember releases are not that hard anymore. We should take bugs more seriously, ideally
CM: What do we consider to be our published docs? Do we consider the yuidocs to be an asset people actually use?
RM: unlikely that people use this directly, but it's our source of truth
JW: Let's think about this in terms of values. We value documentation. We should request the fixes/backports and let other people decide yes or no. In the short term, this bugfix should be PR'd. It's reasonable that some things will get rejected because there is only so much time in a day. Another value is to deliver excellent UX.
This means that sometimes we'll patch some stuff in. We just need to make sure that changes don't accumulate that really need to go into
Ember's main branch.
JW: any other thoughts?
void_malex: it was tough to figure out how to even make that PR. The contributing page doesn't say how
JW: I can open a ticket for adding some info on that. It will help me as well
CM: One last thought, when we have git for the data source, we could point the edit pencil there and instruct people about where their change should go
RM: that's not good
JW: Let's talk more about this once we have the capability to do this. For the meantime, keep PR-ing to ember.js

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
