# Jul 17, 2020

## Agenda

- (public) (if there's time) Layout Experience Report (YK) (punted to next week)
- (public) (10 mins) RFC to FCP - [https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/645](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/645) (MRS)
- (public) (15 mins) RFC to FCP [https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/639](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/639) and discuss what's next (MRS)
- (public) (5 mins) FCP → Merge [https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/637](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/637) (RJ)
- 

## Attendees

- [ ]  Yehuda Katz (YK)
- [ ]  Tom Dale (TD)
- [x]  Kris Selden (KS)
- [ ]  Leah Silber (LS)
- [x]  Robert Jackson (RJ)
- [x]  Igor Terzic (IT)
- [x]  Matthew Beale (MB)
- [x]  Edward Faulkner (EF)

- [x]  Dan Gebhardt (DG)
- [x]  Godfrey Chan (GC)
- [x]  Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ]  Chad Hietala (CH)
- [x]  Katie Gengler (KG)
- [x]  Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [x]  Chris Garrett (CG)


### RFC 645 to FCP

RJ: Proposal is to add ember-page-title to the default app blueprint. Yeah MS?

MS: Yes.

RJ: If this is going to be part of the stack it should not be in "adopted" addons (which are addons without a maintainer, effectively). Maybe we should move it to ember-cli. I don't care which org, so much as I think the RFC should mention that.

GC: I think I had troubles getting one of them updated, but it may have been a dependency instead. ember-cli-head? Yes I was trying to update it for the redirect polyfill.

RJ: Other than that I'm in favor of doing this thing. I don't know that moving it out of the org is a thing for the RFC, but it could be?

MS: I had certainly assumed it would move to a real org.

RJ: Ah, yeah the first thing in this is actually "move it to the ember-cli org"

GC: Was there discussion about making it part of Ember?

MS: We discussed a bit, and about if we should have a route based version vs template version. YK was more comfortable with the template version as being aligned with Ember

RJ: I'm not sure that is the same item. I think having it be provided by Ember is odd. It isn't a thing that needs special API from Ember.

GC: Yeah but the head/title could be managed by Ember so we can do more with it.

RJ: I've had some conversations about making the index.html a template and having the whole thing be rendered. I think that is the right path, though it has a lot of challenges. I think it is different.

MS: So any objection to moving it to FCP?

GC: I have not read it but seems ok.

RJ: I vaguely think we should add both ember-cli-head and page title, and have page title have a peer dep. The reason is you will invoke head layout in your template, and is weird to get that thing in your blueprint from a transitive dependency.

GC: I don't remember the page title API, but I remember thinking the ember-cli-head API was weird. What semver guarantee do we have for removing things from the blueprint? I think none.

RJ: Yeah none.

GC: I remember thinking the APIs for these things are not ideal.

RJ: For Ember to invoke the head layout we could do- that would be a generally fine thing to do. Fine to design. It is just more work but maybe that is fine.

GC: I think we want to push people to use the template a much as possible, but I could think that the API is exposed in a service if you want to interact with it directly.

GC: I think this is to my question of have we considered doing something in ember source, but it seems fine.

RJ: I think the idea of an Ember API would be that ember-cli-head is not needed. I'm not opposed to that but I don't know...

GC: Yeah.

RJ: I personally would vaguely prefer to push... I would prefer to go the route of "the whole index.html is rendered by ember". They are not orthogonal.

MS: GC do you have any objection to FCP?

RJ: I'd like to change to add both ember-page-title and ember-cli-head as dev dependencies of apps.

GC: I guess I'm a little sad we have to do the head thing in the default blueprint

MS: Does the motivation make sense?

GC: Sure. We use both addons for example, I just don't like the APIs so much. That the ember-cli-head API leaks to the default blueprint is bad.

RJ: We can hide it if we want. It is not clear if that is better or worse.

(discussion)

EF: I agree the API design on head is weak.

GC: Right, because page title depends on that we need to do the other thing, but making it default makes me.... eeef.

RJ: So the thing is that you invoke a component at the top of your application.hbs and it is a template only component which redirects the head content. The options are a few.

(discussion)

GC: Basically the problem is that you can call that component twice which is confusing. I think that is part of why it is not ideal. It is what I would do as a first step spike, but making a component available you can invoke once but must is a weak API.

CHG: When I was rethinking this as an effect this came up. You really end up needing to take two rendering passes.

(discussion)

GC: If <head> is special since you can only do it once, and we need to do special things to avoid double rendering, we should just solve those problems instead of using ember-cli-head

RJ: It is worse in SSR since we don't do updates, so the new title doesn't get propagated.

RJ: A few things: afaict we are not talking about problems with ember-page-title. Just with how it is getting into the head.

EF: Yeah I think you can keep the API stable and just change it to not use head.

(discussion)

GC: I don't remember the API of ember page title, how it deals with concat vs. replace. I think if we are going to spend time with the other problem we should consider it.

RJ: It has a thing where you can tell it to prepend, what the separator is etc.

MS: From an accessibility perspective you want the page title first. I'm wondering if we want to build that in and make it the default way or let you choose.

GC: Basically if you concat there is prepend/post and it is complicated. We just need to make sure all that works correctly. I can do that with some more time.

RJ: We need to decide what we want to do about the head template though. We have to decide if we can move forward.

(discussion)

RJ: Proposal that ember-page-title doesn't require ember-cli-head, but have it work well with it.

(discussion)

Resolution:

- Change ember-page-title to remove the ember-cli-head requirement (ror both SSR and in browser)
- That allows us to update the blueprint and page title will just work
- I still want to fix the head thing
- GC will review the page title API to make sure it is reasonably good

GC: I think we can decide if there are changes we want to make. I can believe we don't care because it is outside lockstep but we should want it to look good.

### inclusive language RFC 639

MS: Before I left for vacation I thought this might be good to go. When I got back, it looks like we should just replace the terms b/c it is hard to deprecate them.

RJ: Yeah I think there are people using it

RJ: It seems like there is not a consensus language for us to agree on

(discussion)

RJ: This API prevents an addon from being included in the build and being processed as such. It only effects the build-side stuff. 

## RFC 637

Merge
