# Jul 10, 2020

## Agenda

- (public) (5 min) [RFC Discussion] [Spreadable Arguments](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/593) (CHG)
- (public) (5 min) Releases FYI (KG)
- (public) (if there's time) Layout Experience Report (YK)

## Attendees

- [ ]  Yehuda Katz (YK)
- [ ]  Tom Dale (TD)
- [ ]  Kris Selden (KS)
- [ ]  Leah Silber (LS)
- [ ]  Robert Jackson (RJ)
- [ ]  Igor Terzic (IT)
- [ ]  Matthew Beale (MB)
- [ ]  Edward Faulkner (EF)

- [ ]  Dan Gebhardt (DG)
- [ ]  Godfrey Chan (GC)
- [ ]  Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ]  Chad Hietala (CH)
- [ ]  Katie Gengler (KG)
- [ ]  Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [ ]  Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ]  Chris Garrett (CG)

## Action Items

- [ ]  To-do...

## Minutes

YK: I'd like us to consider a new day for this meeting, preferably Tuesday - Thursday, to allow for more flexibility with 3 day weekends.

KG: I'll put together a doodle so we can explore this.

### Spreadable arguments

CHG: Alon would like some feedback to know what can be done to move this along.

YK: I'd like to do a technical review in the Glimmer VM meeting.

CHG: In the future we may want to spread dynamic, arbitrary objects and there are some things to explore.

CHG: This might be useful for deep default arguments.

CHG: I feel that we may want to allow access to attributes, so we could pluck attributes for individual components.

YK: Because of merging, we would want to make sure that plucking and merging are fully rationalized.

YK: I think we should do a full spec for how we handle mapping html attributes.

GC: I feel that this RFC is pretty underspecified.

GC: There probably needs to be a way to negate arguments. For instance, with html attributes, it's usually sufficient to pass `false`.

GC: Say you have a switch statement in JS, and the text input and area components might have different args, there could be different contextual components yielded with different arg requirements [needs clarification].

CHG: I thought this would be easier to break out.

MB: The reason that the forwarding is important for attributes, is that they're opaque. And that same reason doesn't apply for arguments.

GC: How to handle positional arguments?

GC: Splattributes in curlies? How do splarguments work in curlies? (do they not?)
