# June 11, 2021

Facilitator & Note Taker: Melanie Sumner

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team
- [ ] Amy Lam (AL)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Isaac Lee (IL)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Jessica Jordan (JJ)
- [ ] Kenneth Larsen (KL)
- [x] Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [x] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests
- [] Your name here (INITIALS)
- [x] Alex Molnar (AM)
- [x] Preston Sego (NVP)

## Weekly review

### Review action items (weekly)
See: [Action items board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/47)

### Review Initiatives board (every other week)
See: [Initiatives board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/19)

### Review PR queue
See: [tracking sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sPyN9z9wZMpTNwqCfa6R9QSPZkIW4iQd-H4gZC7ILLk/edit#gid=2035777454)

## Topics

### ember-welcome-page addon improvements and direction (RM, 15min)
Mel: PR to update: https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-welcome-page/pull/261 & also let's ship it. 

Locks: The welcome page has been stagnant for a while and we should consider what the next steps could look like.
Given that there is a flag to skip the generation of the welcome page when creating a new app,
and that a default app at the moment will be broken in production, I suggest we consider removing the logic that prevents the addon assets to be added to the app when in the production environment.

A default app should not be broken in production. We should address the MVP fixes, but someone should properly take it on to address the overall improvements. Locks has thought about this some and would like to talk to anyone who takes this on. 

Rob will work on this app- no objections to latest LTS as the version (because the app right now is also failing CI). 

### Cover loading data in components - expand/update ideas from [reader's question](https://discuss.emberjs.com/t/readers-questions-is-it-bad-to-load-data-in-components/14521) (AM, 15-20 min)

Specific ask: add the Ember way (recommended way) to do this in the guides. 

Jen: willing to give folks a little more guidance for handling data in the guides. Idea: make a dedicated data-handling section that isn't just ember-data. The fact that we link to the reader's question constantly is a strong indicator that we need to add a section like this to the guides. It shouldn't be a topic within the "Components" section itself (maybe a Zoey says with a link). 

Perhaps it should be in "Core Concepts"? We should consider it being it's own section simply because there is quite a bit of content we can put here. We can also inform the content with Ed's response in the Reader's Question. We could remove ember-data as a section and instead have it as a sub-section (the first one, but still a sub-section) and indicate that it's the default way in Ember apps but that there are other well-lit paths for data-handling in Ember.

We should not hold up this new content because Ember will get better tomorrow; but we do need to consider what the requirements are for the MVP for this content. What does the MVP look like? Jen has agreed to start an issue. 


### Wizard RFC Draft

Interested in getting Learning Team feedback on an RFC in draft stage. While the [new app wizard workflow](https://gist.github.com/MelSumner/df8f0bedd3725935089f8a74258d1346) is intended to benefit accessibility but also has learning implications. We should ensure we've covered the learning team concerns so let's review it. 

Suggestion to add clarity that the RFC should be considered normative and further changes to the question list should require an RFC. Also, clarify that it should be impossible to do anything in the wizard that isn't possible to do with flags. 

## Ember Times suggestions
Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?
Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
