# Month Day Year

Facilitator & Note Taker: Chris Manson @mansona

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team
- [x]  Chris Manson (CM)
- [x]  Amy Lam (AL)
- [x]  Ricard Mendes (RM)
- [x]  Jessica Jordan (JJ)
- [ ]  Sivakumar Kailasam (SK)
- [ ]  Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [ ]  Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ]  Kenneth Larsen (KL)
- [ ]  Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests
- [x] Alexey Kostevich (AK)
- [x] Gaurav Munjal
- [x] Jared Galanis @jaredgalanis
- [x] Frédéric Soumaré @hakilebara
- [x] richgt

## Weekly Agenda

- [x]  Review action items (update weekly)
- [ ]  Review [Initiatives](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/19) [Board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/33) [](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/19)(every second week)
- [ ]  How is our PR queue doing? How many older than a week? [Tracking sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sPyN9z9wZMpTNwqCfa6R9QSPZkIW4iQd-H4gZC7ILLk/edit#gid=2035777454)
- [ ]  Review new RFCs/[RFC Tracking](https://github.com/emberjs/rfc-tracking)
- [ ]  Any suggestions for the Ember Times? Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Topics

### Deprecations app PR (RM)

https://github.com/ember-learn/deprecation-app/pull/581

- Background: Deprecation app is very "sensitive" :joy:
  - source of truth of the URLs have already been published to code in npm
  - we cannot change URLs easily without some issues
  - ancor tag is generated from the deprecations ids
- This PR changes some of the ids for the ember-data deprecations
  - find in page or google search won't work looking for the "real" ids
  - one suggestion: add an optional metadata tag for the ancor id
    - pass deprecation ID and optional metadata ancor tag to the helper
    - metadata for ancor tag takes precedence
  - another suggestion: strip "ember-data:" from the id
    - that only works for some of the issues
  - CM: are there any issues with the first suggestion?
    - no objections
  
Unrelated discussion: 

- RM: there is a desire to improve the deprecation experience in general
  - check out the #st-deprecation-process Discord to particpate in new work
  - CM: thank you jared for all your hard work in the deprecations app :tada:
    

### Ember Data f2f (G) 

do we have any agenda items?

- RM: people don't feel comfortable updating the ember-data docs so we will need some help in the learning team
- RG: record data API is severly under documented. It would be great to have proper documentation (not just in the RFC)
  - RM: is it recommended to use record data right now?
  - G: recommended over using internal private apis
  - RM: we don't really have a good place to put "guides" for these internals
  - CM: maybe discuss where to put these "low level" documentation
  - RM: this is probably a learning team thing, also related to things like `setComponentTemplate()` in ember


## Any Questions?

- G: Ember twiddle needs documentation.
  - CM: add "how to document it" to a future agenda
  
Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
