# November 28, 2022

Facilitator & Note Taker: AG

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
- [x] Chris Ng (CN)
- [x] Anne-Greeth Schot-van Herwijnen (AG)

### Guests

- [x]] Mehul (INITIALS)

## Weekly review

[Open pull requests](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/pull-requests)

## Topics

### EmberConf (AG 3min)
Discussion about EmberConf, see "core-learning channel"

### Discord forum/thread for discussion (AG 10 min)
AG: Last week we touched upon doing some discussion async, maybe in discord. The forum might work or maybe using thread.
JW: I would love to give it a try!
CM: Overwhelmed by all the platforms and all the notifications, it will become yet another thing to check.
CM: Threads can be extended by Nitro people. We could find out if they extend automatically when people post in it. 
AG: Threads would be a great place to start, and we'll see if we need to move to forums because the tech limits on threads.
*Consensus*: We're trying threads first :D

### API docs (JW 30 min)
JW: Next steps.
1. NPM/Yarn discussion. Chatted with Chris Krycho, he's cool with NPM. There might be some peer dependency weirdness in the future, so we need to have this mentally noted.
2. Chris Krycho wants to add developer tooling, Glint. 
    CM: It's basically Typescript for templates, and adding Typescript to the ember-learn projects makes it more complex so that is why we decided in the past to not add it. Adding it to this app that is already complex, might not be a way we want to go. 
    JW: If I understand the PR correctly it should be 100% ignorable and opt-in for developers. I'm enthousiastic about TypeScript, and I feel that it's already a difficult thing to contribute to as a junior so adding TypeScript might help untangle things. We could already remove this later when the contributors from LinkedIn are done with it.
    JG: If people are contributing, we should facilitate those people, and currently they are TypeScript enthusiasts.
    CN: Did they do a sample from what it would add? It's mentioned in the PR.
    CM: There is nothing doing a TypeScript check at CI, so people might break the types accidentally. If somebody wants to make a change after we've added TypeChecking they might run into an error they don't understand, because they are not schooled in TypeScript. I cannot see a world where adding TypeScript would not make it more complex. This is the first step to type check to on build, and moving everything to `ts` files in the future.
    AG: What is the opinion of the steering committee on TypeScript?
    CM: The default for `ember new` is JS, `ember new --typescript` also works. Case by case basis, and discuss the merits.
    JW: Cost-benefit analysis -> Best case: would be updated app, using style guide and glimmer components. Chris needs to be able to do his magic. Worst case: We rip Glint out down the line in 3 years!
    CM: I do not care about the cost to remove it in 3 years, but about the lost time fighting with types during those 3 years. Time spend on types vs features.
    JG: If this app would be developed by a lot of different people I would agree. With the momentum of Chris Krycho and gang, we might loose when we block them. What are you working on with JW?
    CM: We're not touching anything component based. AG and I are on the verge of touching every component with the styleguide update, so there we might run into this.
    JW: We say: "To support the large refactor you (Chris Krycho) and gang are undertaking we approve this PR. We do not want to enforce types in CI in order to not block developers who don't do typescript. Is it truely okay to completely ignore the types when Chris Manson and Anne-Greeth start working on the StyleGuide stuff for this project?"
3. JW is going to deploy the latest of the master branch to staging on Heroku and needs us to click test it for a week. We don't need to click test the whole week :D 
    Should anybody discover something terribly wrong, there are deploy instructions in the CONTRIBUTING.md that people can do who have Heroku credentials.

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.