# November 7, 2022

Facilitator & Note Taker: AG

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [ ] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
- [x] Chris Ng (CN)
- [x] Anne-Greeth Schot-van Herwijnen (AG)

### Guests

- [] Your name here (INITIALS)

## Weekly review

[Open pull requests](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/pull-requests)

## Topics

### Named Blocks (AG)
AG ran into named blocked being undocumented while working on the awesome confetti-addon. The RFC(226) is in the recommended stage. The block about "this is how we teach this" is missing. AG can write this part, but does not know where it should go. 
CM thinks it's an important tool, from a learning perspective we want people to know about this. We can put it in [block content](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/components/block-content/) or after as a seperate page. 
**consensus**: Make it a seperate page that will go after [block content](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/components/block-content/) and we won't put it into the tutorial.

### Search is broken (AG)
The guides.emberjs.com search is broken on 4.8.
CM wants to know if there are any errors, when the tool was run. JG does not remember seeing an error when running the tool. CM will fix it now manually 🧡
CM believes that educating us is not the right way to fix it, we should be able to fix it in guidemaker. There is also the [script](https://github.com/ember-learn/guides-source/blob/master/scripts/update-search-index) that does this, so that might allow us to do it manually.

### Release tool docs (CM)
CM was chatting to RM about the tool being a little bit brittle, especially when things fail in the tool. There is no one place to go about running a release right now. CM wants the ember-releases page on the handbook to be 100% exactly on what you need to do for each step. You should be able to run the tool one step at a time. 
AG: please continue this work.
JG would not have felt comfortable without RM on the call to help out running it with the tool. Especially with the inconsistent/missing/outdated docs.
CM: There are things that the tool tells you what to do, but that could be outdated especially when the docs are out-dated. The tool should be based on the **single-source of thruth** page.
JG: There is no external docs that tells you what the tool does and no backup in case of failure.
CM: pass a command to the tool for a specific step copied from the handbook.

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
