# November 21, 2022

Facilitator & Note Taker: 

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
- [x] Chris Ng (CN)
- [x] Anne-Greeth Schot-van Herwijnen (AG)

### Guests

- [] Your name here (INITIALS)

## Weekly review

[Open pull requests](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/pull-requests)

## Topics

### EmberConf

Hoping to hear about CFP, event dates so people can plan

### RFC review

Learning team needs to sign off on https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/836

Done!

Action item - have a look at https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/663 and
share feedback about what the README should say. Need to make sure it's
clear which stages teams are expected to provide approvals for.

### Tutorials (10min)

At Ember.js Dublin, it came up that there is a need for more steps
to get from junior Ember developer to intermediate. We had talked about
doing more proliferation of tutorials, a bridge between a quickstart,
tutorial, and knowing 90% of Ember

Need to talk about strategy, what kind of tutorials

What kinds of skills are lacking in our Tutorials set? How do we write them?

AG - how different should these be from the Super Rentals tutorial?

CM - it's potentially too hard to contribute to the tutorial. Should
smooth those edges, but also we can think about output. Not all md files
need to follow the same tooling. Not a necessity for all tutorials, but
those tools are there if we want them!

One reason the tool execution is there is because of the versioning.
It's very important that Super Rentals tutorial works for its corresponding version
of Ember! You could find out exactly which versions of Ember are working for
the tutorial.

JW - this is mostly the motivation of the Cookbook RFC https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/786 Next steps would be to get it up on the internet and tell people
about it.

AG - could use the Forums feature in Discord to discuss, potentially!

Action items - keep discussing, maybe use Discord forum?

### Embroider Roadmap (10 min)

https://github.com/orgs/embroider-build/projects/1

CM - has been part of this initiative and has been bringing the learning
team perspective. Has been chatting with Ed about what it takes to get
Embroider ready for everyone.

Things that will affect the learning team:

There are 2 RFCs, answering:

1. What do you get when you run `ember new addon`, in terms of directory
and file structure? Is it a workspace? This is under discussion. It affects
our "how to build an addon" pages
2. v2 app - What are the changes that happen at the app layer to use the
new v2 addons? Following web standards for how apps are built, and you don't
necessarily need the same things from Ember CLI. Still lots of question marks here. 

Another thing that is coming to light is the need to handle Ember CLI
documentation.

Ember CLI guides will be very different for the embroider-only world.
We are still in a world where Ember CLI does all the work for you, but that
will not be the case later. You will run webpack. We will still have
wrappers that help people do builds easily.

We will need some documentation that helps to guide people who want to
use other build tools besides webpack.

AG - what is the timeframe?

CM - Main matter is trying to spearhead this conversation. My rough guess is
close to 2 years if it was up to community alone, but company involvement
and sponsorship could accellerate this.

AG - so not urgent, won't get in the way of redesign?

CM - correct

CM - Ember CLI blueprints still need to be sorted out for addons, for v2.
What happens when you run `ember generate component`? Still needs invention
and implementation.

JW - is there anything you need support on?

CM - not yet, will bring things back to the team as they come up!

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

### API Docs happenings & progress (10min)

CM - has a fork of the heroku build pack. Can help!

Let's discuss together:

https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-api-docs/pull/831

https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-api-docs/pull/828

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
