# May 21, 2021

## Agenda

- (public) (15 min) 3.27 issues.
    - Enumerating known issues
    - Impact on 4.0 timeline
- (public) (5 min) [Glimmer component signature type](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/748) RFC (CHG)
- (public) Organizing community for 4.0 contribution

## Attendees

- [ ]  Yehuda Katz (YK)
- [ ]  Tom Dale (TD)
- [ ]  Kris Selden (KS)
- [ ]  Leah Silber (LS)
- [ ]  Robert Jackson (RJ)
- [ ]  Igor Terzic (IT)
- [ ]  Matthew Beale (MB)
- [ ]  Edward Faulkner (EF)
- [ ]  Dan Gebhardt (DG)
- [ ]  Godfrey Chan (GC)
- [ ]  Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ]  Chad Hietala (CH)
- [ ]  Katie Gengler (KG)
- [ ]  Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [ ]  Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ]  Chris Garrett (CG)

## Action Items

- [ ]  To-do...

## Minutes

### 3.27: Known issues

- Ember inspector compatibility reported by runspired NO ISSUE
- Deprecation issues with globals → modules
    - @cached polyfill relied on monkey-patching through the Ember object RESOLVED
    - Ember Data was impacted by @cached, they worked around it by writing their own version though RESOLVED
    - Deprecation volume can be so high it crashes CI. There was a patch for ember-cli-deprecation-workflow to address this, but we should likely land it upstream. NO ISSUE
- Node 10 support dropped from transitive dependencies of ember-cli (making CI red and just generally difficult to deal with). The tests failing are the slow ones which build a whole app.
    - beta branch of 3.27-beta is failing NO ISSUE

RJ: There was a lot of assumptions around the Ember global being available.

RJ: If you don't do normal lockfile maintenance, you might have older versions of libraries and you crash CI output. For example anything over 10k lines crashes travis.

Order to mitigate impact

- Address Ember CLI
- Release blog post.
    - Mention that 3.27 will have point releases to address known deprecation issues.
    - Mention already resolved 3.27.0 issues
    - Remind people to re-roll yarn lockfile
- Start the 6 week clock for 3.28's cut
- Address Rob's secret issue
- Address deprecation logging overload
- Address ember inspector (maybe this is due to not having released)
- Evaluate 4.0 clock

### 4.0: Impact

RJ: There are some high-priority items which need attention first. And we have done zero 4.0 prep. So I don't see how get everything done in 3 weeks and cut 4.0 into beta.

KG: We could restart the timer for the cut after releasing 3.27.

RJ: I'm not sure we have much choice.

CG: So get 3.27 out, see how we feel, then...

RJ: I think that gives us some time, which I think is good.

### Glimmer component signature

CHG: I think this is ready to move forward. It changes the type signature to be more flexible, but also to provide more information for later.

(discussion, how to speed up these topics)

RJ: Concerned about the name "BlockParams" for "Blocks".

(much discussion)