# May 14, 2021

## Agenda

- (public) Some GitHub issues to review:
    - [https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/issues/19516](https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/issues/19516)
    -
- (public) Started 4.0 tracking issue (per team chat)
- (public) Can we make auto-import 2.0 mandatory for use with ember-source 4.0? (EF)
- (public) 3.27 status

## Attendees

- [ ]  Yehuda Katz (YK)
- [x]  Tom Dale (TD)
- [x]  Kris Selden (KS)
- [ ]  Leah Silber (LS)
- [ ]  Robert Jackson (RJ)
- [ ]  Igor Terzic (IT)
- [x]  Matthew Beale (MB)
- [x]  Edward Faulkner (EF)
- [ ]  Dan Gebhardt (DG)
- [x]  Godfrey Chan (GC)
- [ ]  Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ]  Chad Hietala (CH)
- [x]  Katie Gengler (KG)
- [x]  Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [ ]  Jen Weber (JW)
- [x]  Chris Garrett (CG)

## Action Items

- [ ]  To-do...

## Minutes

### 3.27 status

GC: I can say there are two known issues. The first maybe Chris can say more, somethingsomething lazy loading. Second thing, a bunch of deprecations don't have deprecation guide URLs. Both are fixed and released.

CG: Previously you could reference a value, a module that didn't actually exist. Specifically they were referencing Ember.Test which referenced ember-test-ing. They would do this in production sometimes. It would be there in development, but not in production. It only happened in production and only with certain addons like Ember Data. The fix is to make it so that module is loaded semi-lazily via require which we do for backwards compat anyway.

CG: there as one other issue. Newly generated Ember apps generate a deprecation. I think I landed it before targeting beta, but I'm not sure maybe it didn't get backported or maybe it didn't make the release.

EF: I'm also aware of... If the ember version is new, ember-cli-babels knows to not do all the transpilation. There are a bunch of addons doing a thing they used to need to, manually invoking ember-cli-babel on their own tree. They end up disabling babel compilation but access Ember, which means they are asking for module support, basically, while disabling modules. This caused significant breakage in the addon ecosystem. It just used to work that you could use a bunch of imports without having compilation.

EF: cached decorators polyfill is an example of this. It has a file in vendor which monkeypatches Ember.

(discussion, `compileModules: false` is often the original sin)

KG: So what do we need to do to get ember-cli out

EF: This problem I do think breaks addons. The current ember-cli-babel tries to fix it, but it breaks embroider, but I will figure out another workaround.

(discussion, EF notes the fix in ember-cli-babel is incomplete)

KG: Ok, I think there is an ember-cli blocker, but we're waiting on Rob

MS: We did move the date with the bot when we realized it would note ship

CG: I will add ember-cli to our agenda for Monday for glimmer vm

### Tutorial failing on beta

GC: I am looking at why this is happening. Something from the default blueprint is calling the Ember global. It also seems to be building with embroider.

KS: There is the classic mode. Ember CLI ships with embroider...

GC: But I expect it is still opt-in?

EF: Yes.

GC: Something is weird. I will try it again and see what is happening. Beta does then appear to be broken for the tutorial.