# May 7, 2021

## Agenda

- (public) GAAD proposal (10 min) (MS)
- (public) classic built-in components deprecation status? (5 min) (GC)
- (public) 4.0 update/check-in? (GC)

## Attendees

- [ ]  Yehuda Katz (YK)
- [x]  Tom Dale (TD)
- [x]  Kris Selden (KS)
- [ ]  Leah Silber (LS)
- [x]  Robert Jackson (RJ)
- [x]  Igor Terzic (IT)
- [x]  Matthew Beale (MB)
- [ ]  Edward Faulkner (EF)
- [ ]  Dan Gebhardt (DG)
- [x]  Godfrey Chan (GC)
- [ ]  Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ]  Chad Hietala (CH)
- [x]  Katie Gengler (KG)
- [x]  Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [x]  Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ]  Chris Garrett (CG)

## Action Items

- [ ]  To-do...

## Minutes

### GAAD Pledge

(discussion GAAD)

### Built-in component deprecation status

GC: We released 3.27 with deprecations. But it has no deprecation guide yet. I can write that and we can release a patch.

RJ: There is a repo to build an addon.

GC: The deprecation says there is an addon you can install, but the addon isn't actually built. Since that didn't happen, we could use the underscored name to be used in the addon.

RJ: Is that idea the addon works forever?

GC: Sure, once you update the addon to vendor the implementations.

RJ: We should make an issue to keep track of vendoring instead of sunsetting. I'm in favor of waiting to see if anyone uses it. In 4.0 the deprecation is done and API removed, so we can see if anyone needs to use it.

GC: I think they are on that path already.

GC: We should probably hold back on the release blog post for that.

RJ: CLI and Data are not released anyway.

RJ: I have blockers on CLI anyway. Something upstream of Ember Data broke Node 10. Ember CLI master will drop Node 10 support, but beta cannot.

RJ: Also embroider. It is the default for 3.27, but we are going to make it opt-in.

### 4.0 Update checkin

RJ: Master is now 4.0.0 alpha. We should create a meta issue of things for the process. We need to decide if we're going to do the thing we did for prior releases. We need to decide.

(discussion)

MB: 4.0 blog post?!