# May 29, 2020

## Agenda

- (15 min) [Draft RFC](https://github.com/sharpshark28/rfcs/blob/ember-new-lang/text/0000-ember-new-lang.md) from A11y strike team (MS)
- CodeSandbox path forward → unify with `ember-new-output`
- RFCs
    - → FCP
        - `import { TESTING } from '@glimmer/env'` [https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/619](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/619)
    - FCP → Merge
    - → FCP to Close
        - [https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/575](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/575) Testing directories (RM)
    - FCP to Close → Close
    - Enable
    - Discussion

## Attendees

- [x]  Yehuda Katz (YK)
- [ ]  Tom Dale (TD)
- [x]  Kris Selden (KS)
- [ ]  Leah Silber (LS)
- [x]  Robert Jackson (RJ)
- [x]  Igor Terzic (IT)
- [x]  Matthew Beale (MB)
- [x]  Edward Faulkner (EF)
- [x]  Dan Gebhardt (DG)
- [x]  Godfrey Chan (GC)
- [x]  Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [x]  Chad Hietala (CH)
- [x]  Katie Gengler (KG)
- [x]  Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [ ]  Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ]  Chris Garrett (CG)

## Minutes

### Glimmer reactivity model documentation

YK: heads up, I have written some documentation in book form

YK: intro is high level

### Draft RFC HTML `lang`

MS: has everyone read it?

YK: I read it and stylistically it is very good

MS: `--lang` and no country/region code fails

MS: `css` and `ts` are actual language codes

GC: I have a non-blocking concern of consistency in handling codes (`css`)

YK: we should avoid the problem that Rails got into with the country list helper

MS: we felt confident in erroring because the last css-speaking person died in the 50s

GC: it's valid input to the thing we delegate to

IT: what about a prompt to confirm?

GC: that's a separate "interactive ember new" issue

DG: ember-intl should be mentioned

RJ: yeah the blueprint does something related to this so it should be modified

MS: we're moving forward with the regular RFC process

### SFC vs Frontmatter Feedback

CH: do people need a minute to read the one pager?

GC: what is the scope of this discussion?

CH: I want to share feedback on usage of both options

YK: allowing inline template usage without being the default is a plausible outcome

CH: I would like us to arrive at a single format. the story we've been telling is you should be able to move components between ember/glimmer stacks.

YK: vue is a good analogy (sfc, etc formats)

RJ: it also aligns with how we do things, ergonomic API layered on top of primitives

KS: did you have some feedback to present?

CH: I included any feedback inside the one sheeter linked in the agenda

MB: ?

CH: we throw

YK: what about tooling? I use SFC in a project and the emotional feedback is tools ("LSP") don't work

CH: there are tooling gaps. we released a vscode glimmer thing to get syntax highlighting inside backticks

YK: I use that extension and it gives you red lines but on the whole backticks instead of localized

GC: I still intend to make a experimental addon for the syntax, whether SFC or frontmatter

GC: we need to implement the API in the strict mode RFC or nothing works

MB: did you see people mutating things closed over by the template?

CH: template-only components are `const`

YK: imports can be dynamic and we can't stop you from using them

MB: do people `const` values?

CH: chris krycho just opened an issue about using a `const` array and using it in template 

CH: the model scope is limited

YK: some current limitations are due to implementation and won't be such when released

GC: we need to distinguish between things that should work and currently don't, and things that shouldn't work period.

GC: you might want to start aligning it with strict mode so things match up

GC: hbsbackticks won't be the right type to TS

YK: we can stop people from using `let` but we can't stop them from having a function that returns a `let` value

YK: we need to say in the RFC that we have this hole and we will lint against it

### import { TESTING } from '@glimmer/env'

RJ: env already provides DEBUG, but this RFC proposes another dynamic import TESTING.

RJ: people frequently use TESTING, whether they should or not

RJ: it's impossible if you use DEBUG it is impossible to wrap in testing

EF: macro system is the best way to solve this problem atm and this needs to compose

RJ: testing and production aren't mutually exclusive

RJ: if we implement in terms of macros we should 🔪DEBUG.

RJ: ember-cli wants to get rid of the three-way environment (test, dev, prod)

RJ: the original sin was addons using the env flag to determine if they were in test to change the build in prod

RJ: test is a thing you do, not the env you're in

KS: YES 🙌

### Test directories

Action: FCP to Close