# Aug 7, 2020

## Agenda

- (public) (10 min) RFC: [Add `RouterService.prototype.refresh`](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/631) (RJ)
- (public) (5 min) FCP → Merge [Interactive `ember new`](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/638)(MRS)
- (public) (10 min) → FCP [Deprecation Staging](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/649) RFC (CHG/RJ)
- (public) (5 min) FYI - FastBoot Meetings (RJ)
- (public) (5 min) Select discussion (CHG)

## Attendees

- [x]  Yehuda Katz (YK)
- [ ]  Tom Dale (TD)
- [x]  Kris Selden (KS)
- [ ]  Leah Silber (LS)
- [x]  Robert Jackson (RJ)
- [x]  Igor Terzic (IT)
- [x]  Matthew Beale (MB)
- [x]  Edward Faulkner (EF)

- [ ]  Dan Gebhardt (DG)
- [x]  Godfrey Chan (GC)
- [ ]  Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ]  Chad Hietala (CH)
- [x]  Katie Gengler (KG)
- [x]  Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [ ]  Jen Weber (JW)
- [x]  Chris Garrett (CG)

## Action Items

- [ ]  To-do...

## Minutes

EF taking notes

### RFC 631: Refresh method on router service

YK: I don't love this API, but since we're just exposing an existing feature that's available via the route instance, it's fine. Maybe we should try to be clearer that this is not a new recommended feature, just a gap being filled.

RJ: I will comment on the RFC and we can come back around next week to consider FCP.

### RFC 638: Interactive Ember New

RJ: Already in FCP. No new comments. MS expanded the motivation section as discussed last week. I want to merge Monday (the end of 7 day FCP).

Consensus achieved.

RJ: Will probably be in ember-cli after the 3.22 release, the hardest part is just the testing.

### RFC 649: Deprecation Staging

RJ: Wording has been switched to "enabled". I want to move into FCP. 

RJ: Met with Mehul (RFC author) and discussed whether to try to align with the proposed RFC stages names, but decided it's not really the same thing.

Consensus to FCP.

### Fastboot Team Meetings

RJ: We have had three meetings so far. I added a section in notion for weekly meeting notes. Planning to do a deep dive into some tricky areas like errors and error attribution. Fridays at 11am EDT / 1pm PDT.

### <select> discussion

CG: MS found some existing code that solves the accessibility problem. KS mentioned this is also an issue in other frameworks and one way they solve this is by automatically switching the user's binding from selected to defaultSelected. Both of these point to the problem as a screen reader bug in both jaws and nvda.

MS: the reason it works in voiceover is that MacOS transforms selects into a different form. Property vs attribute is still confusing.

CG: the selected attribute is supposed to be initial state only. The selected property is what changes when the user makes a change.

KS: the property "defaultSelected" maps to the selected attribute.  The property "selected" doesn't map to any attribute.

RJ: We still need to get the specific reproduction and test case.

YK: The notable finding in our last discussion is that it's not a normal thing that happens with normal usage. We need to check if our specific pattern of usage causes the problem. The plain HTML works with all the screen readers.

YK: since you can't update the DOM transactionally, there are intermediate states during rendering that aren't always logically consistent. My hunch is that this is the kind of problem we have here.

RJ: We need to test that, that's the next action here.

YK: We know for sure that the problem is not that screen readers only read the attribute, because if that was true all selects would always be broken.

MS: will share a link that describes the expected screen reader output so we can do the reproduction.
