# Aug 13 2021

## Agenda

- (public) Docs for Ember 4 (JW)
- (public) Bug or user error? [https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/issues/19700](https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/issues/19700) (MS)
- (public) Incoming RFC overview (EF)

## Attendees

- [ ]  Yehuda Katz (YK)
- [ ]  Tom Dale (TD)
- [x]  Kris Selden (KS)
- [ ]  Leah Silber (LS)
- [ ]  Robert Jackson (RJ)
- [x]  Igor Terzic (IT)
- [ ]  Matthew Beale (MB)
- [x]  Edward Faulkner (EF)

- [ ]  Dan Gebhardt (DG)
- [ ]  Godfrey Chan (GC)
- [x]  Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ]  Chad Hietala (CH)
- [x]  Katie Gengler (KG)
- [x]  Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [x]  Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ]  Chris Garrett (CG)

## Minutes

### Docs for Ember 4 - JW

The learning team would like some feedback and discussion to make sure we are ready for Ember 4.

Identify any learning team work we are overlooking:

    - KG: What about any work for Ember Data and Ember CLI?
    - EF: Maybe we need a cheat sheet for dropping the Ember global. There's a deprecation guide
    - JW: We can take a look at that deprecation guide and see if it needs any more info.
    - EF: At 4.0, deprecation warnings would go away but linters could help you
    - KG: We could make an Ember global that yells at you if you try to use it. This would be an addon, not part of anything real.
    - MS: Can we make a new upgrade guide, instead of updating the Octane guide?
    - KG: Most deprecations are so old, probably not much needs to change

Gather feedback on learning team plan:
    - JW: We don't see any blockers. API docs - we want to remove classic examples
    - KG: seems good, doesn't seem like a blocker
    - KG: Highest priority is searching for use of Ember global
    - JW: How soon do we need to make changes if we want them to be in 4.0.0?
    - KG: 4.0 is not beta yet, so if we get things in soon within 6 weeks, they can go out with 4.0.0.

Make some decisions/determine next steps for the Upgrade Guide:

    - JW: What would need to change?
    - KG: The only thing that needs to happen for someone to go from 3.27 to 4 is cleaned up deprecations.
    - JW: The optional features section has to change, yes?
    - KG: Yes, in theory, having the classic version of optional features is deprecated
    - KG: An upgrade guide for Octane is still relevant for 4.0, since you don't have to be 100% Octane. We need some callouts to link back to older versions of upgrade guides, for anyone who is on the wrong version.
    - MS: Sounds good, people should keep using the existing upgrade guide, and focus on getting deprecations out

Does anything need a big community push to help finish?

    - MS: Finish deprecations, docs things already outlined, all things Embroider
    - EF: Embroider is not a 4.0 blocker
    - MS: So we should focus on blockers first
    - KG: We can ask people to help with updating addons that have deprecations
    - JW: Do we feel good about encouraging addons to use Octane?
    - KG: Previously we asked that they stay on classic since a pre-Octane release was still in LTS. Seems ok to say that they can do Octane now. I might be able to get together a list
    - JW: Will put something in the Ember Times about helping with your favorite addon's deprecations. We have lots of contributors who may want to help!
    - 
Any addon-specific teaching that needs to happen? Ember Data and Ember CLI?

    - JW: Anything special for addon developers?
    - JW: Ember Data?
    - IT: Nothing besides the deprecation guides
    - KG: Do we need an issue for tracking things deprecated until 4.0?
    - IT: Possibly, I'll follow up

### Possible bug - MS

- MS: I made a new Ember addon, and tried to use it in apps that were 3.26-3.22 and it didn't work. I had to downgrade Ember source. Is this a known issue?

Action for everyone: please have a look at the ticket  [https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/issues/19700](https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/issues/19700)

### Asset import spec - EF

**Public**

Ed gave a preview of an upcoming asset import RFC, which will be shared publicly soon!
