# February 4, 2021

Facilitator & Note Taker: JG

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [ ] Amy Lam (AL)
- [X] Chris Manson (CM)
- [X] Isaac Lee (IL)
- [X] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [X] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Jessica Jordan (JJ)
- [X] Kenneth Larsen (KL)
- [X] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [X] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests

- [X] Mateus

## Weekly review

### Review action items (weekly)

See: [Action items board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/47)

### Review Initiatives board (every other week)

See: [Initiatives board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/33)

CM: ember blog is now done!
JW: now that the blog is out should we update the in-flight version of the update to the guides? 
CM: yes, lets discuss at next wb strike team meeting

### Review PR queue

See: [tracking sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sPyN9z9wZMpTNwqCfa6R9QSPZkIW4iQd-H4gZC7ILLk/edit#gid=2035777454)

JW: been reviewing PRs with a community member and could take up reviewing some of the PRs in the tracking queue
CM: will look at the stylguide PRs
JW: will look at the [deprecations guide PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/deprecation-app/pull/767) 

## Topics

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

### Team member permissions on npm, github, services, etc (RM, 10min)
RM: We should review if all of us have the necessary permissions to do releases, manage services, that whole deal.
RM: Will put together a list of what we need to have access to and review it next week.
RM: We don't all need to know how to deploy everything but it would be nice to make it easier.

### Add EmberConf banner to emberjs.com (IL, 5-10 min)

A couple of questions that I wanted us to go over:

- Do we want to start advertising [EmberConf 2021](https://emberconf.com/) (which is on March 29-30) on the website [emberjs.com](https://emberjs.com/)?
- Can we temporarily replace `<BlackLivesMatterBanner />` component with `<CtaEmberconf />` in the `application.hbs` template? Or do we want to show both?

Here's what `<CtaEmberconf />` looked like last year.

<img width="700" alt="call to action for EmberConf 2020" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16869656/106764495-1e733300-6638-11eb-9554-455d790b7aa7.png">

IL: tickets for ember conf are on sale, should we add this to the homepage. Where does it go and how do we deal with other banners?
RM: in the past this has gone underneath the navbar
CM: we could replace the existing banner or have both? there's also the survey to consider, which has appeared in this area previously.
RM: we are doing the survey. talked with Marco and realized that it's helpful to have someone responsible for community outreach, etc. Mel wants to do an accessible questionaire form that can be reused. 
RM: could do double banner and ping the steering committee for more specific guidance about the BLM banner.
CM: agree that shoudl defer this to the steering committee before making changes.
JW: will ping Mel to ask if she can bring it up witht the committee.
RM: could also see if we can organize a small meeting with Mel.
JW: if we do a social page any one interested?
RW: interested in helping.

### Algolia alternative

RW: if people can continue to look at the alternative to Algolia (TypeSense), that would be good.
JG: there are varying approaches in the repos to search and it might take some work to understand how or if we could move to another system.
RM: they do offer a self-hosted solution.
CM: the fact that we have prember on a lot of things may make it easier to migrate, but that does not include the API docs.
RM: any other issues? Algolia has been generous.
CM: self hosted might introduce new complexity.
RM: if we decide to change, how do we make it easier on ourselves?
CM: do we know they have a hosted open source plan?
RW: not sure of the details at this moment, but can find out what they are and how comparable to Algolia it is.
CM: most concerned about whether open source === self-hosted.
JW: can we ask what the strategy is for handling versioned things. this is important in our current strategy.
JG: our infra may behave the same on any platform.
CM: prember algolia does provide us with a good experience.
RM: have we fixed the deprecations indexing issue?
CM: yes we fixed it using ember cli deploy

### Scheduling Polls

JW: sent around the annual planning meeting poll and team meeting poll 
JW: we have a winner for the weekly team meeting: 12 pm EST on Thursdays
CM: what time zone do we tie it to?
RM: think we should keep it tied to UTC
CM: so that's 5 pm UTC on Thursdays
CM: is an hour enough for the annual meeting?
JW: we were trying to make it a commitment that people could make. we could do breakouts or extend if we need more time.
RM: could model after framework breakout sessions where whoever can make them, just attend.
JW: given we don't have alignment on times we might want to use our weekly team meeting time slot. could start to talk about it next week and follow up in the next meeting as well.
CM: could do next 3 meetings even. We may want the first one to be private.
RM: will handle new calendar invites to go out.
JW: will start a notion doc for ideas.

### Ember sponsors page

RM: someone asked about patreon for Ember. we do have sponsors page but it only lists larger sponsors. do we want to include Github sponors? a list to open collective/github sponors?
RW: could use a tiered model (like Nuxt) for displaying sponsors. similar to sponsoring ember conf.
CM: we need input from other folks to make decisions like this.
RM: would be great to show better integration with the community by doing this.
IL: a link to open collective/GH sponors page seems good. listing individual sponsors might be too much.

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
