# @Nov 01, 2019

## Agenda

- 3.14 Release Checkin (RJ)
    - ember-data release pending (@Igor Terzic is working on this)
    - ember-cli release pending (@Robert Jackson is working on this)
        - requires updates to blueprints (due to dropping Octane from 3.14)
        - requires landing `EmberENV` fix (for inspector support) [https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli/pull/8901](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli/pull/8901)
        - API docs are WIP, seems to have failed processing
        - Blog post?
- st-octane meeting summary
    - `setEdition` proposal ("quick" RFC draft in process) (RJ)
- RFCs
    - → FCP
    - FCP → Merge
    - → FCP to Close
    - FCP to Close → Close
    - Enable

## Attendees

- [ ]  Yehuda Katz
- [ ]  Tom Dale
- [ ]  Kris Selden
- [ ]  Leah Silber
- [ ]  Robert Jackson
- [ ]  Igor Terzic
- [ ]  Matthew Beale
- [ ]  Edward Faulkner
- [ ]  Dan Gebhardt
- [ ]  Godfrey Chan
- [ ]  Ricardo Mendes
- [ ]  Chad Hietala
- [ ]  Katie Gengler
- [ ]  Melanie Sumner
- [ ]  Jen Weber
- [ ]  Chris Garrett

## Minutes

### Ember 3.14 Release Cycle

- ember-data 3.14 is supposed to happen today or at least soon. Blocks ember-cli release.

- ember-cli has a fix that's landing momentarily (GC emberEnv issue) and then 3.14 is ready.

- there's a problem with API docs that is being investigated (@Jen Weber is looking into it)

- we need a person to do the release blog post (Kenneth usually does but he is away). @Dan Gebhardt  volunteered.

### Octane Strike Team Report

- there are several community critiques of the current details of the `setEdition` API

- a draft proposal by @Robert Jackson  will be forthcoming (target Monday) that proposes changes to fix this problems. Might be a complete RFC, although we want to move quickly to have it in 3.15.

### CI

- @Godfrey Chan has switched the tutorial build to GitHub actions and it worked well, and we should probably feel comfortable switching more things wherever people want to

- @Robert Jackson: we need a strategy eventually to deal with changes to the app blueprint that would cover alternate CI providers.

- an RFC to remove travis.yml or add another company's alternative would be potentially controversial and we don't want to be in the business of endorsing companies.

- coming up with a clearer standard may be the best first step, and put off choosing a default until a second step.

### Learning Update

JW: Yehuda and Chris are putting together a draft of a new plan for what order to teach the Octane programming model

JW: in a couple weeks we'll be seeking more outside tester to try the guides.