# @Nov 08, 2019

## Agenda

- 3.14 Release status (RJ)
- Octane!
    - (5min) Ember Inspector Checkin (GC?)
    - (5min) Types issues? (CHG)
    - (5min) Colocation Status (RJ)
- (5min) FastBoot Work (RJ/KS)
    - Rehydration
    - Error handling during rendering
- (5 min) Feedback on rebrand of Guides/API Docs/etc (JW)
- RFCs
    - → FCP
    - FCP → Merge
    - → FCP to Close
    - FCP to Close → Close
    - Enable

## Attendees

- [x]  Yehuda Katz
- [ ]  Tom Dale
- [x]  Kris Selden
- [ ]  Leah Silber
- [x]  Robert Jackson
- [ ]  Igor Terzic
- [ ]  Matthew Beale
- [ ]  Edward Faulkner
- [x]  Dan Gebhardt
- [x]  Godfrey Chan
- [ ]  Ricardo Mendes
- [x]  Chad Hietala
- [x]  Katie Gengler
- [x]  Melanie Sumner
- [x]  Jen Weber
- [x]  Chris Garrett

## Minutes

### 3.14 Release Update

RJ: Ember Data 3.14 was released a couple days, and I'm working on the CLI release.

DG: I've got the blog post updated except for the data and cli sections. I can update the post shortly after CLI ships.

JW: I have a few debugging steps that I need to take wrt the docs / guides.

RJ: Are there docs related to the build infra?

JW: There's not a lot of detail there. There are quite a few steps that can go wrong.

*general doc build debugging discussion*

JW: In terms of the long term, Siva told me that he's working on an improved pipeline. In the mean time, this continues to be difficult.

JW: Should we make the blog post contingent on the Data docs being updated?

RJ: I'm not concerned about this being a blocker.

RJ: Anything else to discuss re: 3.14?

RJ: ember-cli-htmlbars has been updated.

GC: Do you intend to do another 3.13 patch release?

RJ: I don't think it's vital.

### Octane!

**Inspector Update**

RJ: How do you feel about 3.15 becoming Octane.

GC: I feel cautiously optimistic. I paired with Katie to confirm the amount of work remaining (on the inspector).

**Types**

CG: There were some issues using the `@glimmer` types within Ember.

CG: The other issue that's been confusing is "Why do I need to install `@glimmer/component` but I don't need to install `@glimmer/tracking`?"

YK: This is a symptom of how we started with "fake" packages and real packages intermixed.

YK: Do we want people to start installing `@ember/object` etc.?

CG: I think we can start a short term rule in which `@glimmer` packages must be installed but ember packages do not.

RJ: I think there are complexities like with `ember-test-helpers` etc. So the rule is not so clear cut.

RJ: We have intentionally been in a very uncanny valley. It's banana-land 🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌

RJ: We need our users to understand where the lines are.

YK: I think there's a Venn diagram with lints. When you get a syntax error in your editor, it feels much less janky. Yet, linting is not always run, so we also need run time errors.

RJ: So you are describing a layered approach.

CG: Maybe I was too strict in my definition of the rule. Basically I mean that `@glimmer` packages must be installed - that's the important rule.

RJ: If we can establish a good roadmap, we can follow the same path re: packages, linting, and errors.

CG: We can explain what's publicly available (i.e. for app devs) in glimmer packages and what's intended for use only by Ember.

CG: [Clarifying to DG] For methods on interfaces used by glimmer.js, but not intended for ember.js, we can error from ember to clarify.

**Colocation status**

RJ: I looked at the migrator that Gavin has been working on. It basically repurposes some of the MU migration logic for refactoring template colocation.

[RJ discusses some refactoring for pods apps - as a way to migrate apps away from pods]

### Fastboot

RJ: I've been working with KS on this. There were some hard errors on rehydration.

RJ: All of the known errors have been addressed.

RJ: We have taken a fuzzing strategy in tests that randomly adds / deletes random nodes and ensures that the output is correct.

RJ: I've added some docs re: how this works.

RJ: Another thing I wanted to mention: if you throw errors during rendering, those errors are not rejected in the `visit` promise. What we need to do is bubbling of errors in the render chain so that they can be captured.

RJ: We need to wrap client-side hooks in a try/catch.

CH: FWIW the rehydration builder should not inherit from the normal builder

## Feedback on rebrand of Guides/API Docs/etc

JW: We all have some responsibility re: this rebrand. I'd like to gather some feedback re: how the updates to the guides work for everyone.

JW: I'm going to put a link in #core-meta so everyone can respond.