# Learn Team Agenda 8/24


## Topics
- Status board (nÃ©e Roadmap, nÃ©e Dashboard)
- Search
- YUIDoc @modules
- Ember Inspector
- Ember Styleguide

## Action Items


- [x] MS: Will finish route restructuring @Michael Sk
- [x] RM: Create an issue for adding heroku logo to site
- [ ] YB: clean up the tutorial PR to the website
- [ ] RM, KG: Pair on proposed Guides ToC  (after ember camp)
- [x] TJ: Go/No Go call on API Doc (Monday)
- [ ] RT: update on discourse+blog integration
- [ ] DB: pending Leah creating Heroku org for Ember to shift to new org approach
- [ ] DB: Heroku blog post
- [ ] RT: Write Rolodex/Contact Book Tutorial to launch with 2.16
- [ ] TJ/RM: record/task out stuff that needs to be done for the api changes in 2.16
- [ ] JW: see what breaks upstream when trying out @module/submodule format in YUIdocs (how does this affect jsonapi-docs and API site)
- [ ] RM, Teddy, Jessica: solicit contributors for js module (176) testing of ember inspector

## Minutes

### Attendees (Initials: Name @slack-id)
- TJ: Todd Jordan @todd.jordan
- RM: Ricardo Mendes @locks
- JW: Jen Weber @jenweber
- MS: Melanie Sumner @melsumner
- TZ: Teddy Zeenny: @teddy
- LZ: Lennex Zinyando @zinyando
- LD: Luke D @luke.d

### Notes

#### Status Boards

RM: call it dashboard/roadmap sometimes.  core wants the name used for something different.  kinda an rfc for the future of ember. this would be a list of what is currently being worked on in the ember ecosystem. (ex. svelt builds, js modules, etc).   Jessica will be important for this bc sheâ€™s been handling the newsletter.  We want it to feed seed material to the status board.

JW: is this something that is currently live or viewable, or ongoing.

RM: thereâ€™s a dashboard thatâ€™s live on the website: http://emberjs.com/dashboard and https://github.com/ember-learn/roadmap-page

RM: want to move these to /statusboards.  Will deprecate dashboard.  Needs design work.  its a glimmer app.  I Need to talk to core members for approval

#### API Search

RM: Michael is still close, going to create the PR to fix.

#### YUIDoc/NPM packages

JW:  What extent do the contributors to ember.js use the built yuidocs in their raw form.

TJ: Iâ€™ve never seen it used

JW: if thatâ€™s the case it simplifies what we need to do for rfc 176, because the link generation on that is the thing that breaks with using `@ember/*` for module.

JW: what Iâ€™d like to discuss is what happens next

TJ: Iâ€™d like us to convert `@module` to use new modules.  Modules would be at the second level, how'd we want to group things. The rest of each package could be represented as a submodule.

RM: Iâ€™m concerned about the shortcomings in representing modules.  it may be hard to link to submodules if we go this route.

TJ: I'm ok with a change in our doc technology but I don't think its doable in the 2.16 timeframe.  We should see how far we can get with yuidoc.

RM: if someone wants to start looking at converting us to jsdoc at the same time we are looking at patching getting things to work in yuidoc that would be cool.

JW: I will try replacing things in yuidoc and generating json  to use with the app to see where the blockers are.  Who should I contact for help with jsonapi-doc?

TJ: @siva or me.  There should be some doc in the readme as well.

#### Ember inspector

TZ: we need to finish firefox web extensions asap bc they are deprecating the old addon system.  the ff addon team started doing some work.  I havenâ€™t checked it yet because of time.

TZ: jQuery has been removed.  been wanting to separate things into to repos (inspector vs ember debug)for testing (same env doesnâ€™t work).  want to work on the side.

TZ: also make sure inspector doesnâ€™t break for new js modules. We need to do these things first before new feature work.

RM: I can see about the firefox pr (they might need help with ember part of the app)

RM: I can put out the js module (rfc 176) support to the community and try to get contributors.

RM: should be deployed/working atm on the builds page (canary)

TZ: it works, but it looks to be on 2.14

RM: we are using babel transform plugin, so any app that uses babel 6 should get it.

RM: Iâ€™m working on a pr for a deprecation for anyone that uses string.

RM: we can talk about future plans in upcoming meetings

#### Ember Styleguide

MS: canâ€™t get orange on white to pass accessibility contrast tests no matter how big I make it so we need to decide what to do there.


MS: each thing on screen is a ember component, and has the right aria properties, etc

RM: ultimately lea makes the final call on website decisions so we can set up a meeting for next week to resolve any questions you might have on accessibility, etc.

MS: switched to roboto font.  lots of opinions out there on font ðŸ˜›

MS: This is also an ember app.

RM: getting this to be the ultimate website replacement is the goal.

![styleguide screenshot](https://d2mxuefqeaa7sj.cloudfront.net/s_7D741528F7C65DD0E9E9A01CE9B2C2B4A4F09CB01F832FEE9C929DD1618EE5A4_1503596108728_image.png)

