# Month Day, Year

Facilitator & Note Taker: RM

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [x] Amy Lam (AL)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [ ] Isaac Lee (IL)
- [ ] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Jessica Jordan (JJ)
- [ ] Kenneth Larsen (KL)
- [ ] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [x] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests

- [] Your name here (INITIALS)

## Weekly review

### Review action items (weekly)

See: [Action items board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/47)

### Review Initiatives board (every other week)

See: [Initiatives board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/33)

### Review PR queue

See: [tracking sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sPyN9z9wZMpTNwqCfa6R9QSPZkIW4iQd-H4gZC7ILLk/edit#gid=2035777454)

## Topics

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
### Talk about ember-api-docs (AL, 5-10?)

- Issue from @runspired where ember-api-docs show things marked `@internal` when they shouldn't. Things this logic was there before, but I didn't find anything related in the code. Is it another repo should look at? TBH not 100% clear on how this repo works yet. https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-api-docs/issues/752
- Issue where ember-api-docs has 404, how to debug? Like where is the content pulled from? https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-api-docs/issues/751

Overall flow:
1. emberjs || ember-data publish to npm (including yuidocs)
2. learning takes that and turns to JSON:API
3. Published to S3

Debug:
1. Run YUIDoc on ember-data repo
2. Check content of generated docs
2.1. What is present and what is not?
3. ember-api-docs uses public/private annotation to display

JW: not sure if we can re-publish?
JW: it's hard working on this repo, I'd prefer to pair

How is `@internal` supposed to behave in the API documentation viewer?
Is it for intellisense purposes when developing?

Alternatives:
a) move to `@private`
b) add `@private` in addition to `@internal`
c) tell YUIDoc to ignore certain file paths and move internal functions into their own files
d) depending on how `@internal` is handled by YUIDoc, we can strip it

JW: let's wait to hear from runspired before pairing

#### 751

JW: seems unrelated. possibly linked to the module's nested path (`/primitive/cache`)
RM: we might we able to make it a wildcard segment and have it work

### ember-jsonapi-docs (JW, 30)

We'll walk through the current WIP project to migrate API docs output to git, and determine next steps as a group.

JW: *summons the wrath of the live demo gods into the meeting*
JW: we have a fork on the road
a) rewrite
b) make some changes until the next time we come into the fork on the road

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
