# 2019-10-24

Facilitator & Note Taker: @Robert Wagner 

## Today's Topics

- Octane is projected to ship in 3.14, which is projected for next week! (JW)
    - PR to update the editions page - needs help
    - Blog post (Tom, Yehuda, Kenenth)
    - Merge in Glimmer API docs - very WIP
    - Fix api docs problem with computed macros decorators
    - Do the redirects
    - Chris G is writing modifiers docs
    - Migration guide update - needs help!
    - Any help needed for the Times?
    - website redesign status
- Autodeploy of the Guides (JW)
- TOC bug fixed
- Nested docs are live (in octane)
- DNS problems?
- Yehuda's component guide update

## Attendees

- [x]  Chris Manson (CM)
- [ ]  Amy Lam (AL)
- [x]  Ricard Mendes (RM)
- [ ]  Jessica Jordan (JJ)
- [ ]  Sivakumar Kailasam (SK)
- [x]  Jared
- [x]  Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [x]  Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ]  Kenneth Larsen (KL)
- [x]  David Baker (DB)
- [x]  Robert Wagner (RW)
- [x]  Frederic

## Action Items

- [ ]  Facilitator to add notes to [core-notes GitHub repo](https://github.com/emberjs/core-notes/)
- [ ]  Check RFC Tracking to make sure it is up to date next week

## Minutes

- Revisit initiatives after Octane
- Recent RFCs are not all in the rfc-tracking repo
- Consider options from Amazon or elsewhere, instead of Netlify
- We could move DNS to Netlify as well or fix DNSSimple

## DNS

@Leah Silber @Sivakumar Kailasam we wrote down what's going on, you should hear from some of us (at least @Melanie Sumner )

**The problem:**

It is a frequent problem that users in certain areas report that they cannot access the Ember websites. The problem resolves itself in 24-48 hours. Our stack is Netlify + DNS Simple, and there are known issues with the rate at which DNS Simple refreshes the ALIAS records. Netlify has told us that what we are doing today with using DNS Simple is not supported. DNS caches the wrong things.

**Netlify's communications:**

**What we think is happening:**

We have an issue when a certificate expires. Any one node could experience this every 3 months for 24-48 hours

**What we want help with checking in the DNS config:**

(asking Leah/Godfrey/Siva)

From an organizational standpoint, who are they comfortable with having access?

**Our possible steps forward:**

- Move our DNS to Netlify. We would need to reduce the # of people who have dash access, and the remaining people would need to pledge their availability to be responsive when people need to pair to fix things
- Check to see if DNS is configurable to reduce this issue. - Their docs seem to suggest that they don't work well with other CDNs either, like cloudfront.

Question: 

- How many people do we want to have access?
- Need to figure out organizational control
- How much work would it be to move? About an hour. David has done it. But since the DNS host changes, there would be a weird 48 hour inconsistent period where we would need to monitor for problems
    - UptimeRobot to help monitor (US based). Or [UpDown.io](http://updown.io) which is paid and has global coverage
    - Do it over the weekend?
- Can we enforce 2FA on Netlify? Could do it through GitHub. But there's still an email password request weakness, that bypasses 2FA.
- Could we use a CNAME instead of ALIAS to solve caching?