Meeting: Octane Strike Team 2018/12/18

Overview
Location

BlueJeans: https://bluejeans.com/236115101
WebRTC: https://bluejeans.com/236115101/webrtc
#st-octane on Discord

Attendees
[x] Chris Garrett (CG)
[ ] Jen Weber (JW)
[x] Melanie Sumner (MS)
[x] NullVoxPopuli (NVP)
[ ] Robert Jackson (RJ)
[x] Tom Dale (TD)
[ ] Stefan Penner (SP)
[ ] Izel Nakri (IN)
[ ] Yehuda Katz (YK)
[ ] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
[x] Tobias Bieniek (TB)
Agenda

Last week’s agenda: +Meeting Octane Strike Team 20181211


[ ] Review last week’s action items
[ ] Template imports
[ ] New file extension
[ ] Timeline
Action Items
[ ] @Tom D to write issues describing needed RFCs for
    [ ] Rehydration
    [ ] Incremental rendering
[ ] @Tom D to review Mini Guide’s open questions
[ ] @Michael N to organize “someone without context” to review docs
[ ] @Chris G work on codemod/documentation
    [ ] https://github.com/scalvert/ember-es6-class-codemod/issues/46
[ ] @NullVox P proof of concept for decorators
[ ] @Tom D to update Decorators RFC to describe plan to wait for possible Stage 3 at next TC39
[ ] @Tom D to find someone to work on router helpers RFC implementation
[ ] @Tom D first pass update of Editions RFC
[ ] @Tom D to talk to Stefan Penner about reporting requirements for different flag permutations in errors



Notes

Conversation Topic (Usually an Agenda Item)

Timeline by EmberConf:

- features are at least beta (we PR it as “Octane Preview”)
- documentation is shipped
-

