# April 22, 2021

Facilitator & Note Taker: Chris Manson

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [x] Amy Lam (AL)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Isaac Lee (IL)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [ ] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Jessica Jordan (JJ)
- [ ] Kenneth Larsen (KL)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests

- [] Your name here (INITIALS)

## Weekly review

### Review action items (weekly)

See: [Action items board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/47)

### Review Initiatives board (every other week)

See: [Initiatives board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/33)

### Review PR queue

See: [tracking sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sPyN9z9wZMpTNwqCfa6R9QSPZkIW4iQd-H4gZC7ILLk/edit#gid=2035777454)

## Topics

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->

### clean up fastly configuration (RM, 10m)

I was checking our Fastly configuration and noticed several configured services that have not had activity in a while.
We should clean up any unnecessary configuration.

- cli.emberjs.com - can probably disable because we're already using Netlify
  - we would need to point the CNAME at netlify directly 
  - CM will get consensus to make this move and will change the DNS
  - when it has been switched and probagated fully, go do service configuration -> options -> deactivate
- glimmer-stylegudie-builds
  - was used for common resources for **very** old websites
  - we have deactivated it
- apps.emberjs.com
  - no data
  - deactivated
- ember-deprecation-app
  - no data
  - probably using netlify directly
  - deactivated

- tutorials.emberjs.com
  - CM will need to make sure that there is a robot.txt that is preventing it from being indexed (for duplicated content reasons) 
  - also move it to netlify directly like cli.emberjs.com

- guides.emberjs.com 
  - no data
  - deactivated

- staging-api.emberjs.com
  - might want to keep??



### Ember Welcome Page confustion (CM, 10m)

We were recently contacted on Twitter and in our discord about some confusion around how Ember Welcome Page works https://discord.com/channels/480462759797063690/480777444203429888/828882938945994752 and https://twitter.com/ankushdharkar/status/1379286286469505024

The gist of the situation is that we should probably just generate the component in the newly generated app. RM has an old PR that started work on this so if I'm not at the meeting he probably has more context on this than I do. 

- RM there are 2 perspectives on this because we could see this as an intro to how components work
- alternatively we don't want to add bytes to the app (template, component, images)
- we need to include images but don't want to use base64
- don't want to inline CSS because it's strange
- we don't have co-located CSS so the experience isn't so great

- the original poster on twitter wanted to be able to edit component to see changes

- if you ember new and deploy that it gives you a bad broken experience
- we discussed this and agreed to fix the deployment issue
- hard blocked because we don't want to ship bytes to produciton

- CM I wouldn't automatically read the text
- potentially the same for non english speakers?

**Continue disucssion on this next week**


### Discuss next steps on the initiatives propasls (CM, 10m) 


<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
