Meeting: Octane Strike Team 2019/01/15

Overview
Location

BlueJeans: https://bluejeans.com/236115101
WebRTC: https://bluejeans.com/236115101/webrtc
#st-octane on Discord

Attendees
[x] Chris Garrett (CG)
[ ] Jen Weber (JW)
[x] Melanie Sumner (MS)
[ ] NullVoxPopuli (NVP)
[x] Robert Jackson (RJ)
[x] Tom Dale (TD)
[ ] Stefan Penner (SP)
[ ] Izel Nakri (IN)
[ ] Yehuda Katz (YK)
[x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
[x] Mike North (MN)
Agenda

Last week’s agenda: +Meeting: Octane Strike Team 2018/01/08


[ ] Review last week’s action items
    [x] Document SSR rehydration gotchas in FastBoot documentation
        [x] @Robert J to file an issue on FastBoot repo with list of known gotchas
        [x] @Tom D to talk with Learning team to figure out plan for SSR
    [ ] @Michael N to send out initial “welcome email” to Octane Focus Group™
    [ ] Check in on native classes code mod documentation
    [ ] @NullVox P Computed w/ Decorators PR: https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/pull/17226
    [ ] @Tom D to write a tracking issue for the Router Helpers RFC
    [ ] @Tom D to make further additions to Editions RFC
    [ ] @Tom D to figure out how to publicly communicate at template imports
Action Items
[ ] Document SSR rehydration gotchas in FastBoot documentation
    [ ] @Robert J to file an issue on FastBoot repo with list of known gotchas
[ ] @Michael N to send out initial “welcome email” to Octane Focus Group™
[ ] Check in on native classes code mod documentation
[ ] @NullVox P to pair with @Chris G on Computed w/ Decorators PR: https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/pull/17226
[ ] @Tom D to write a tracking issue for the Router Helpers RFC
[ ] @Tom D to make further additions to Editions RFC
[ ] @Tom D to figure out how to publicly communicate about template imports


Notes

Conversation Topic (Usually an Agenda Item)

TD: Blah blah blah.
CG: I agree wholeheartedly.
