# April 02, 2021

## Agenda

- (public) (15 min) v2 addon rollout plan (EF)
- (public) (10 min) Modify RFC Stages plan (KG)

## Minutes

### v2 addon rollout plan

(discussion)

EF: We would like to ship ember-source to be a v2 addon. I think we care we can make the package switch itself without a breaking change. We probably don't want to suggest that to addon authors in general though, they should simply ship a breaking change.

RJ: Hopefully addon authors are not using ember-source as an example of what to do though.

EF: The changes we need in auto-import itself to adopt this are breaking themselves. I know there are apps that add CSS config to the webpack system. That wasn't a feature of the system before, where it is now. So we will ship auto-import 2.0

EF: It is hard to do a breaking change with auto-import though, since you can only have one version. RJ's suggestion is that to do this stuff you need the 2.x to be declared in the package.json of the app. While auto-import is in the default blueprint, we didn't force anyone to use it. embroider is going to replace this anyway.

(discussion)

EF: A breaking change for auto-import would also let us upgrade to webpack 5 and a few other things. I can clean up the doc and share it. There isn't an RFC, though this is kind of an embroider RFC. The change would be that addons may start shipping versions saying "you must have ember auto import 2.x" in order to use me.

(discussion)

RJ: I think if we can make ember-source itself more resilient to now adding auto import at the top that would be a lot better. For individual addons to migrate, I think it is easy to say "you're going a major bump of a dep, you should also do a major bump"

(discussion, changes to dependencies in the blueprint and versioning)

### RFC Stages Plan

KG: I want to change the plan. The original plan is to move all existing RFCs into the new realm. I think it is better to only apply them to new PRs at a given time, or even open RFC.

KG: Gathering state of the existing RFCs has been the painful part.

CG: I think it makes sense to convert them ad-hoc as we work on them. For example there are many which don't have a state, but when they are implemented should enter a phase.

RJ: I think the way originally written was a lot of work.

RJ: We will quickly loose track of merged but now completed RFCs. For the ones we know for sure a mid-flight we should throw the right pre-amble up there.

KG: I just don't want to block new things going into stages.

RJ: So all *open* PRs need stages. And CI will enforce it?

KG: Yes. Ok sounds good then.

### F2F planning

(discussion)