# 2024-01-16

Note Taker: Chris Manson
Time Keeper: Andrey Mikhaylov

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

- [x] Ed Falkner (EF)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Aaron Chambers (AC)
- [x] Alex (A)
- [x] Preston Sego (PS)
- [x] Simon Ihmig (SI)
- [x] Katie Gengler (KG)
- [x] Peter Meehan (PM)
- [x] Andrey Mikhaylov (AM)
- [x] David Taylor
- [x] Ignace
- [x] Nick Schot
- [x] Peter Wagenet


## Topics

### Discuss really forking lerna changelog <@mansona>

- CM: the plan: 
  - transfer ef4/lerna-changelog to embroider
  - rename it github-changelog
  - launch
- KG: we should not do this because it clashes with github-changelog-generator
- CM: is this a bad thing
- EF: this has been a clash for 10 years so it's probably fine



### caching component lookup in module-resolver https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/pull/1751 <@mansona>

- Can't merge right now
- we need to figure out cache invalidation strategies

### Angle bracket codemod’s unambiguous {{(helpers)}} are incompatible with most Ember versions: revert? make optional? fix in Ember? <@lolmaus>

- https://github.com/ember-codemods/ember-angle-brackets-codemod/issues/504#issuecomment-1887347044 

- EF: this sounds like a real bug, it should be allowed
- the codemod should probably not add this by default
- (discussion about improving the situation for people)
- we need to update the docs to tell people to turn on staticHelpers and staticComponents at the same time
- https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/issues/1757


### `ember-cli-deprecations-workflow` vendor approach: how to proceed, what’s the priority?

- https://github.com/mixonic/ember-cli-deprecation-workflow/pull/159

- (large discussion)
- next step: we can `require('app-name/deprecation-workflow')` in a try catch in vendor to catch deprecations in the vendor files

### post-css “filter” support (tailwind, purge-css) - is there a recommended compatibility mechanism to support post-css running on the entire packager(webpack) output? Our existing workaround is fraught with peril <@22a>

- Is this the happy path? https://discuss.emberjs.com/t/ember-modern-css/19614

- EF: I'm happy in a build using tailwind CLI
- CM: can you please write a 10 line blog about your setup 😂
- A: I prefer the linked strategy because I don't need to manage multiple processes
- when we move to vite you just move the postcss config
- 

### officially tooling team on the website yet? Merge embroider, ember-cli and typescript? <@mansona>

- EF: seems fine, open a PR and we can chat on it there
- KG: probably wait to do this for typescript for now, just do embroider and ember-cli 




