# 2024-09-24

Note Taker: Chris Manson
Time Keeper: Preston Sego

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

- [x] Ed Falkner (EF)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [ ] Aaron Chambers (AC)
- [x] Alex (A)
- [x] Preston Sego (PS)
- [x] Simon Ihmig (SI)
- [x] Katie Gengler (KG)
- [ ] Peter Meehan (PM)
- [ ] Krystan HuffMenne (KH)
- [x] Peter Wagenet (PW)
- [ ] James Davis (JD)
- [ ] Marine Dunstetter (MD)
- [ ] Your name here (INITIALS)

## Topics

### Discussion on the roadmap and project board

- https://github.com/orgs/embroider-build/projects/2

- CM: what critera should we have for things being high priority
- EF: we should be focusing on getting the stable release out from main
- CM: that would mean webpack inversion of control is now high priority

### To fork or not to fork: https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli/pull/10505 <@mansona>

(recap of the situation)
- 2 options: fork or do a chdir just before running the babel
- EF: I'm fine with a fork
- CM: what should the package be called? or deployed at?
- EF: we could release it under a namespace
- or just call it ember-remove-types

### Does import.meta.glob need to be AMD aware? https://github.com/mansona/ember-glob-import-demo/tree/support-embroider  <@mansona>

(description of the example)

- CM essentially we need to bring vite's implementation to the older cases
- EF: generally agree
- CM: I'll contine with Daniel to work on this babel plugin

### what do we want in the app blueprint? (V2 App RFC prep?) <@NullVoxPopuli>
- are we ready to discuss this? If so:
  - ember-route-template?
  - when to separate from the upstream blueprint?
  - no models folder (new ember-data doesn’t use models)
    - no ember-data (for now, I think we want warp-drive instead?)
  - no helpers or modifiers folders
  - no template-registry? (gjs/gts only?)

