# 2024-05-21

Note Taker: Chris Manson
Time Keeper: 

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

- [x] Ed Falkner (EF)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [ ] Aaron Chambers (AC)
- [x] Alex (A)
- [x] Preston Sego (PS)
- [x] Simon Ihmig (SI)
- [ ] Katie Gengler (KG)
- [ ] Peter Meehan (PM)
- [ ] Krystan HuffMenne (KH)
- [x] Peter Wagenet (PW)
- [ ] James Davis (JD)
- [x] Marine Dunstetter (MD)

## Topics

### Settle on public URL behavior of rollup-public-assets: https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/pull/1697#issuecomment-2106904788 <@simonihmig>

- dicussion of the situation
- both SI and CM are happy with making a breaking change

### Trying to update scenario-tester on stable - issues with ember-data. What should we do? <@mansona>

- CM: (description of the issue)
- do we care about ember-data v4.4?
- PW: I think we should only focus on v4.12 
- CM: I don't think we should do that because so many people are stuck on ember-data-model-fragments
- PW: we should focus on getting people off ember-data-model-fragments then
- EF: the build system is a bit tangential to real issues in old packages, it can be easy to patch back all the way
- we support 3.28 for a reason on stable (we don't )


<5 mins> Need commitment on https://github.com/embroider-build/ember-auto-import/issues/503 <@simonihmig>

- EF: this is lower priority right now than Ember 6.0 deprecations and EmberConf
- SI: I understand it's hard and other people tried but I think it would be better if I could spend time trying to fix it
- CM: when are you looking for this to be done by? can you wait for the 2nd week in June? 
- SI: yes if it's sure to be fixed by then
- EF: probably not a good bet
- I can find some time to pair to bring you up to speed

### ember-cli-babel is not set up for gts, though v1 addons can do this https://github.com/appuniversum/ember-appuniversum/pull/492/commits/f243124ec8c07f295da0a47615b2e9e4db009b51 <@NullVoxPopuli>

- To bake it to ember-cli-babel, it would be another major.

- PS: is it expected that we need these TS configs? 
- EF: no. if this addon needed it then there could be something else going on
- PS: I will take a look if it comes up again

### smoke test for all versions - issue with canary ember <@mansona>

- CM: double checking - is it worth trying to fix ember-data in this context
- EF: yes
- CM: I'll not spend too much time on it
- for the babel issue, is this to do with ember-cli-babel version?
- A: probably
- EF: this issue will be fixed on main when we solve babel properly
- CM: I'll keep trying to check this on stable
