# 2024-02-27

Note Taker: Chris Manson
Time Keeper: 

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

- [x] Ed Falkner (EF)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Aaron Chambers (AC)
- [x] Alex (A)
- [x] Preston Sego (PS)
- [x] Simon Ihmig (SI)
- [x] Katie Gengler (KG)
- [ ] Peter Meehan (PM)
- [ ] Krystan HuffMenne (KH)
- [ ] Peter Wagenet (PW)
- [ ] James Davis (JD)
- [x] Marine Dunstetter (MD)


## Topics

### Can we please add BlueCutOfficial to the triage team on embroider-build <@mansona>

- EF: done

### protect stable embroider branch <@void_mAlex>

- EF: done

### Can we get https://github.com/mixonic/ember-cli-deprecation-workflow/pull/159 merged? We also need to get a NPM_TOKEN added to github to be able to release anything (after setting up release-plan) <@mansona>

- EF: merged
- CM: how do we move forward on getting a NPM_TOKEN added? or the repo transferred? 
- EF: I'll ping Matt

### Understanding usage of templateNode.blockParams (proposed rename to templateNode.locals) in Embroider and related tooling; is it used? does it need to be mutable? etc https://github.com/glimmerjs/glimmer-vm/pull/1568 <@chancancode>

- (discussion about ember-template-compiler)
- (EF responded to the topic in the #dev-ember-tooling channel)
  - https://discord.com/channels/480462759797063690/717767358743183412/1212075680167100476


### Static config macros: https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/pull/1815 <@simonihmig>

- SI: take a look at the corresponding issue to see the table of what changes
- EF: My only change is that I would consider `getGlobalConfig().fastboot` `hasRuntimeImplementation: true`
- in general I think you're on the right path
- marked it as approved
- SI: we should probably fix the fastboot case

### To turbo or not to turbo https://github.com/bgantzler/ember-mirage/pull/26 <@mansona>

- CM: general discussion about the structure of v2 addon 
- when do we need to actually use turbo repo? 
- PS: this only applies when someone has a peer dependency on a wide ember-source version
- you would need to then use `dependenciesMeta.*.injected` - docs right at the bottom of the page on https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/blob/main/docs/peer-dependency-resolution-issues.md#how-can-i-workaround-these-problems
- then you either need to use turborepo or use some other sync method to keep the package up to date when developing
- CM: is it ok to merge this PR ot ember-mirage since we don't have that need
- PS: yes

### ember-data breaking embroider CI https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/pull/1818 <@mansona>

- (discussion about the issue)
- EF: v1 addons can't make use of the exports functionality - it's just not possible
- CM: is the issue here that we should add an ember-source peerDependency to `@ember-data/tracking` with the same range as `ember-cached-decorator-polyfill`?
- EF: I generally think that this is the way to fix this for peers
- but why is it finding this version?
- KG: it's because the version of ember-source (with no different name) in scenarios is 3.28
