# 2025-03-05

Note Taker: Chris Manson
Time Keeper: Chris Manson

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

- [x] Ed Faulkner (EF)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [ ] Aaron Chambers (AC)
- [x] Alex (A)
- [x] Preston Sego (PS)
- [ ] Simon Ihmig (SI)
- [x] Katie Gengler (KG)
- [ ] Peter Meehan (PM)
- [ ] Krystan HuffMenne (KH)
- [x] Peter Wagenet (PW)
- [ ] James Davis (JD)
- [x] David Taylor
- [x] Nick Schot
- [x] Robbie Wagner
- [x] Tommy Jr
- [x] Chris Thoburn (CT)

## Topics

### Project planning

- (long discussion about releasing 4.0 stable)
- nobody should be using current Embroider stable (3.0) because Vite is so much better
- what do we need to do to release
- the only blocker is updating the Readme 
- all other items can come later

### rename this doc to “Tooling Team Meeting Agenda”? <@NullVoxPopuli>

- done

### The inspector, do we need approval for a plan, or just someone(s) to do it? <@NullVoxPopuli>

- Should it continue to have a data-panel at all? If so, should it be warp-drive specific?
- (discussion about the two sides of the API of the handshake between inspector and ember-source)
- once we have done the handshake, what do you get back? we should be handed back an interface that has everyting that we need
- we can have lazy loadable chunks of
- (discussion on how ember-data hooks into the inspector)
- CT: we provide a data adapter - now consuming public apis
- (discussion about should we split the data section to a new addon)
- CT: it can be an embeddable ember app with routes
- EF: the interface could be extensible
- the next action could be to open a draft RFC with the definition of the API
- start with the list of what is currenty being used
- people can polyfill in the new ember feature by having a module in your app
- CM: we could even define in requirejs
- EF: we can spike it for sure

### tip of the blockers for blueprint changes <@NullVoxPopuli>

- I forgot again 
- (discussion about minimal app)
- CM: we need to make sure that we don't waste too much time maintaining multiple blueprints
- 

### new @ember/addon blueprint - where do we put this? Does it go in github.com/ember-cli? Can we set it up now (at the end of the call) <@mansona>

- EF: let's call it `@ember/addon-blueprint`
- KG: put it in ember-cli (because of CI minutes)
- CM: we have a plan to release this


<10 mins> (at the end) deep dive on the project planning <@mansona>


