# 2025-08-26

Note Taker: Chris Manson
Time Keeper: Chris Manson

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

- [x] Ed Faulkner (EF)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Alex (A)
- [x] Preston Sego (PS)
- [ ] Simon Ihmig (SI)
- [x] Katie Gengler (KG)
- [ ] Krystan HuffMenne (KH)
- [x] Peter Wagenet (PW)
- [ ] James Davis (JD)
- [ ] Liam Potter (LP)
- [x] Cortrah
- [x] tommyjr
- [x] Jared Galanis

## Topics


### fixing data api docs build <@jaredgalanis>

- CM: description of the thing
- I pinged jared
- KG: let's get more info on exactly what is breaking and we can look into it
- the TSDocs is a separate part, not all of it was converted
- JG: the script doesn't produce enough files as part of the build - 10 ish instead of 100s
- KG: it sounds like the glob might be wrong? 
- (long discussion about alternatives)
- CM: if we're pointing people at warp-drive docs then the work needs to be done to update the docs to use warpdrive stuff, which hans't happened yet
- 
  

### fix for embroider/router <@NullvoxPopuli>
- https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/pull/2543
- EF: looks good, merge it


### Discuss the shambles of the heimdall situation <@mansona>

- Update on the heimdall-fs-monitor situation
- There is a PR to release with the fix - we just need a NPM_TOKEN
- Discuss the failed monorepo situation
- Should we remove it all? cc <@katiegengler>

- CM: recap of the problem
- (long discussion of the problem)
- CM: Any objection to releasing the fix right now
- (all) no objection
- CM: should we do the release of the monorepo
- KG: we should consider the monorepo a dead end
- CM: then we should deprecate it urgently
- (all agreed)


### strict resolver RFC Review <@NullVoxPopuli>

- https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/1132 
- PS: I want to make sure this is ready ahead of friday so it can go into FCP
- EF: it looks like we have everything that we need
- left a comment to say it should go into FCP


### Can I add this deprecation without a RFC https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli/pull/10776 (pretty please üôè) <@mansona>

- CM: explained the situation
- any objections to merging? 
- (no objections)

<remaining?> ember-exam vite support <@NullVoxPopuli>
https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-exam/pull/1430 
