# 2025-07-15

Note Taker: Chris Manson
Time Keeper: Alex

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

- [x] Ed Faulkner (EF)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Alex (A)
- [x] Preston Sego (PS)
- [ ] Simon Ihmig (SI)
- [x] Katie Gengler (KG)
- [ ] Krystan HuffMenne (KH)
- [x] Peter Wagenet (PW)
- [ ] James Davis (JD)
- [x] David Taylor
- [x] kyle
- [x] Patrick
- [x] TabletopJoe
- [x] tommyjr

## Topics

### Relative root url proposal @void_malex

- A: the thing blocking us for having relative everything is the test setup
- CM: do we need to test and app have the same config
- A: not really, but we could fix it since there is already shenanigans
- it could save a bunch of headache
- (some discussion about having the default location not be history)
- CM: I'd be worried about changing off history by default
- KG: we would need a RFC to change the history
- we also should look at the bugs reported in https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli/pull/5792 to make sure all the use bugs are catered for
- EF: there is a softer version of proposal - make it easier for people to use relative rather than changing the default
- (general agreement that having different rootUrl for tests and app should be fine)
- 

### more tests in content-tag <@NullVoxPopuli>

- https://github.com/embroider-build/content-tag/pull/104
- merged

### prettier in content-tag <@NullVoxPopuli>

- https://github.com/embroider-build/content-tag/pull/107
- approved
- 

### Discuss the timing of making vite the default blueprint and documenting it <@mansona>

- (long discussion)
- probably ok to make it work behind a feature flag that we can turn off if docs aren't ready
- 

### How to we solve running the template-tag-codemod on v1 addons <@mansona>

- (very quick discussion - agreed that we want to make it work by default well instead of relying on hacks)

### closed end of meeting next week to discuss team membership <@mansona>
