# 2025-09-02

Note Taker: Chris Manson
Time Keeper: Chris Manson

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

- [x] Ed Faulkner (EF)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Alex (A)
- [x] Preston Sego (PS)
- [x] Simon Ihmig (SI)
- [x] Katie Gengler (KG)
- [x] Krystan HuffMenne (KH)
- [x] Peter Wagenet (PW)
- [ ] James Davis (JD)
- [x] Liam Potter (LP)
- [x] tommyjr

## Topics

### Strategy on no auto-import <@NullVoxPopuli>

- https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/pull/2507 
- worked on it in office hours

### Tooling team takes over astro integration? <@NullVoxPopuli, requested by @mansona>

- (long discussion)
- (all agreed)
- it's moved to the ember-tooling org

### should we rush out a Vite as default into 6.8 alpha before we release this week? <@mansona>

- KG: this is skipping a lot of process
- PW: we need to be clear about the abort process here, what are the criteria on no-go and how easy is it to turn it off
- (discussion about side-stepping process here and all of the many many things we would be doing wrong if we did)
- PW: times we rush like this should be few and far between, this feels like one of the times that we should do this
- KG: we don't need to delay the release 6.7 to delay the promotion of 6.8 to beta
- CM: (amazed by the time-bending! 😱)
- (continued discussion after note taker left) 
- Let’s release 6.7 ASAP, we’re ok with waiting a week to promote alpha to beta to give this feature a chance, given that the full-time initiative-backed team wants to attempt it
- Next week we can go over go / no-go criteria. Feature flag allows us to abort if we don’t hit the criteria in time for 6.8 release.


### do we still need codemodsSource in the app blueprint? <@mansona>

- See https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli/issues/10793
- Let’s at least not regress the capabilities for people on the classic blueprint. 
- Other ideas about how to improve the manifest were discussed, but they’re nice-to-have



