# YYYY-MM-DD

Note Taker: 
Time Keeper: 

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

- [x] Ed Faulkner (EF)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Alex (A)
- [x] Preston Sego (PS)
- [x] Simon Ihmig (SI)
- [x] Katie Gengler (KG)
- [ ] Krystan HuffMenne (KH)
- [x] Peter Wagenet (PW)
- [ ] James Davis (JD)
- [x] Liam Potter (LP)
- [x] tommyjr

## Topics

### Ember 7 pre-planning: deprecation removals (not covered by the auto throw e.g. AMD bundles and barrel file), breaking bugfixes (flipping default values in Ember ENV), etc. <@mansona>

- Ones that we know of
  - Making sure we don't publish AMD bundles
  - Making sure we don't publish the barrel file
- it's great that we have the throw on deprecation functionality but we should endevour to remove as much as possible
- flipping default values in Ember ENV
  - this should have been done at an earlier major
- KG: can we break the `ember-testing` package
  - we only soft deprecated it
  - I can't make it work on a modern ember
  - CM: can we clarify what you are talking about - because we have it in the new bluerpint
  - KG: it has some side-effects but there are some other helpers (that aren't moved to `@ember/test-helpers`)
  - we contemplated adding a deprecation and backporting it
  - EF: we need to make sure that the last few things that are used in `@ember/test-helpers` are structured well

#### The classic app blueprint was not updated to use warpdrive when the Vite one was. What is our policy here? Do we need to do a release backport? (seems risky) Should we do a beta backport? Should we (as a team) make sure that we don’t merge large structural changes to the vite blueprint without there also being one for the classic? <@mansona>

- (explanation of the situation)
- EF: do we expect it to work - yes
- CM: do we do a backport a "fix" to the release
- EF: i agree the this is a policy question - it would have been better if we did this at the same time
- we could decide to just fix it with the release pipeline
- CM: but that would mean the cognitive disonance would exist for 2 minors
- (discussion about deprecations)
- CM: I want to deprecate the old blueprint (and potentially the old build) during the 7.x cycle
- EF: then keeping the new blueprint and the classic one up to date helpes people cross the gap
- CM: then we don't need it to be backported to release - but we can backport to beta if we want to


### isBinaryFile situation - do we downgrade? Maybe we vendor the code? https://github.com/gjtorikian/isBinaryFile/pull/102 <@mansona>

- EF: this response from the maintainer doens't instill confidence
- CM: 🫠
- EF: why are we even using this dependency? 
- CM: we can just downgrade the package
