# November 5th, 2020

Facilitator & Note Taker: 

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team
- [ ] Amy Lam (AL)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Isaac Lee (IL)
- [ ] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Jessica Jordan (JJ)
- [ ] Kenneth Larsen (KL)
- [ ] Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests

- [x] mmrhsll Mia

## Weekly review

### Review action items (weekly)
See: [Action items board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/47)

### Review Initiatives board (every other week)
See: [Initiatives board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/33)

### Review PR queue
See: [tracking sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sPyN9z9wZMpTNwqCfa6R9QSPZkIW4iQd-H4gZC7ILLk/edit#gid=2035777454)

## Topics

### Initatives

- api docs modernisation has started
  - JW talked to Rachel Nabors about api docs
  - MS is looking into tools that we could use for docs parsers
  - JW summary: most of the docs parsers so far have been code based
  - a future docs system could be built with tags (to associate things together)
  - RM we have one specific constraint that other ecosystems don't have - we need to document things that are in templates
  - we also have docs for non-existant code (e.g. documenting Glimmer things in our docs)
  - have have conversations around using api-abstractor
  - open RFC proposal for documentation of components https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/678
  - we could dogfood this (if accepted)
  
- cli.emberjs.com almost done :tada:
  - remember we have a commands section on the website, so if we add any ember commands we should update the docs


### Deprecation Staging RFC review (RM, 10min)
https://emberjs.github.io/rfcs/0649-deprecation-staging.html

Team discussion of the RFC and how it impacts learning team processes and the deprecation app.

- move to next week :+1: 

### Small update to release handbook page (RM, 1m)
PR: https://github.com/ember-learn/handbook/pull/46

Please give it a look, should be very quick.

- you were right, it was very quick

### Showcase (Learn page) and Examples (RM, 15min)
https://emberjs.com/learn/

These pages haven't been updated in a while. Questions:
- Do we want to keep them around?
- If so, do we want to keep both the inline showcase and the standalone page?
- Should they display the same items?

- RM I've been trying to clean up some stuff recently
- I removed the link to the tracking issues 
  - we don't use it
  - new PRs don't have tracking issues
- examples page seems to be orphened 
  - do we think this is useful? should we keep it? 
  - if we add more examples then we should keep the full list and only show a subset on the `/learn` page
  - we should add **all** of our internal sites: Help wanted, The Website 
  - JW: we could consider adding categories (JAM stack etc) 
  - RM: we should add the ember-styleguide here too
  - CM: is this an initative? or do we want to just track this work in an issue? 
  - RM: probably not an iniative
  - as it's a markdown structure it should be easy enough to expand on this
  - JW: I have been asked in the last week for examples
  - we could retire this page and link to "built with ember"
  - we could link to the examples page at the end of the tutorial
  - RM: maybe we start a doc to write down what we want
  - JW: I don't want this to be an initiative
  - maybe we might not want to solve this: "document" could just be requirements to get the PR merged
  - CM maybe an ember times shout out too? :tada:
  - JW: maybe ping lifeart and the built with ember people to get their opinions 


### `ember-page-title` documentation and `ember-welcome-page` updates (RM, 10m)

As per https://emberjs.github.io/rfcs/0645-add-ember-page-title-addon.html,
`ember-page-title` has been added to the default blueprint.
I didn't find a tracking issue, so I thought we could review the work necessary so we're synced.

- the changes to the `--lang` attribute should be added to the quickstart and tutorial
  - https://github.com/ember-learn/guides-source/pull/1606
- same with the page-title, it should be added to the a11y 
  - https://github.com/ember-learn/guides-source/issues/1608 added as a draft
- RM: I will probably make the changes to the ember-welcome-page myself and then discuss the changes with the team

--- 

meeting end

--- 


### what is the status of ember-cli-addon docs (CM, 10m)

I thought we agreed to deprecate it.
Should this be an RFC

### consensus when everyone is not around (CM, 5m) 

subdomain PR to the handbook


<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- replace with topic -->
<!-- replace with topic -->
<!-- replace with topic -->
<!-- replace with topic -->
<!-- replace with topic -->

## Ember Times suggestions
Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?
Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
