# 12th of November 2020

Facilitator & Note Taker: JW

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team
- [ ] Amy Lam (AL)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [ ] Isaac Lee (IL)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Jessica Jordan (JJ)
- [ ] Kenneth Larsen (KL)
- [ ] Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests
- [] Your name here (INITIALS)

## Weekly review

### Review action items (weekly)
See: [Action items board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/47)

### Review Initiatives board (every other week)
See: [Initiatives board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/33)

- The CLI Guides initiative is done!
- The Empressification of the RFC site is underway, and CM will share a link when there's a demo
- The new Ember Blog will be available for QA soon. Internal QA, iteration, and bugfixes have been mostly finished.

### Review PR queue
See: [tracking sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sPyN9z9wZMpTNwqCfa6R9QSPZkIW4iQd-H4gZC7ILLk/edit#gid=2035777454)

## Topics

### Deprecation Staging RFC review (RM, 10min)

We will discuss next week, since this is mostly a team-education topic and we are missing a lot of people this week.

https://emberjs.github.io/rfcs/0649-deprecation-staging.html

Team discussion of the RFC and how it impacts learning team processes and the deprecation app.

### what is the status of ember-cli-addon docs (CM, 10m)

I thought we agreed to deprecate it in favor of https://github.com/empress/field-guide

Should this be an RFC?

Note - the reasons to migrate from ember-cli-addon docs are that the current architecture prevents good SEO, you can't pre-render, and there are some ease-of-use problems due to the docs parser features. We have seen that using plain markdown is more effective for OSS engagement.

RM: I would like to see an RFC sort of thing, which is useful for discussions. I don't think it fits in the official RFC repo since this is not part of the default Ember experience.

JW: I agree that it should be a proposal and not an RFC. We should have a migration plan and a replacement before deprecating. Is there anyone else who should be part of this discussion?

RM: Sam and Chris Garett were the main people behind the project, and we could ping them. I think Robert Wagner has been involved in maintaining it and should be looped in as well.

CM: There has also been effort to get external contributors in.

JW: Is there an opportunity to not deprecate it and evolve it into the new thing?

RM: A new project and a clean start would be helpful for creating a separation from the problems of the past. We could also use npm's deprecation mechanism. We could also reach out to addon maintainers to help migrate.

CM: We currently recommend it in the Ember CLI addon docs, and we could remove/replace that.

RM: It could fit as an RFC if the lens is updating the Guides to recommend the new thing. We could open an issue for each level that needs to be discussed. This would let it be public and others could participate easily.

CM: It could be an issue on the handbook.

RM: There is an RFC for documenting components that may be relevant. https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/678

Conclusion: CM will make a proposal as an issue on the handbook.

### consensus when everyone is not around (CM, 5m) 

subdomain PR to the handbook https://github.com/ember-learn/handbook/pull/45

CM: What do we do when everyone has not participated in reviews to the handbook or other decisions?

JW: in the framework team, not everyone participates in the decisions, but everyone has ample opportunity to. If we've invited feedback a few times and haven't heard objections, we should move forward.

RM: This is like the FCP period.

JG: What do we count as quorum these days? Majority?

RM: We should be careful not to fall into voting instead of consensus.

JW: I think we should focus on giving lots of opportunities for feedback. If it is something that everyone really ought to know, use the handbook. If not, and we just need to make a decision, announce it, link to the notes, ask for objections, wait a couple days, and move forward. This will help us not get stuck waiting for feedback.

RM: We could give email a try.

CM: I would miss emails

RM: We could do both

JW: Maybe this is due to lack of threads and we should have another channel?

RM: Probably would not solve the problem.

JW: What about if we create a catch-all folder in the handbook for small decisions. Then we can still capture the participation, our work is in the open, and people can use notifications.

JW: I'm not against emailing either. I just don't want to have to send a bunch of them.

CM: This is also part of the reality that it's 2020 and there's a lot going on. It's expected that people are away some, and we just need to know what we want to do in this scenario.

Conclusion:
- Add something about consensus to the handbook (JW)
- RM will ask Leah about having a google group email

### The 2021 Initiative board has been opened (CM, 5m)

If you have any 2021 projects in mind, add them here!

- https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/51

This is just to open a new initiative for next year that is not ready to be worked on yet.

### SVG version of the Times logo (CM)

https://github.com/ember-learn/empress-blog-ember-template/issues/85

RM: This should go to Leah for review

CM: Yes, that's the plan, just wanted to run it by the learning team too.

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- replace with topic -->
<!-- replace with topic -->
<!-- replace with topic -->
<!-- replace with topic -->
<!-- replace with topic -->

## Ember Times suggestions
Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?
Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
