# February 3rd, 2022

Facilitator & Note Taker: RM

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [ ] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [x] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests

- [] Your name here (INITIALS)

## Weekly review

## Topics

### Guides search does not return results (JW, 10min)
- Search for 4.0 and 4.1 versions do not return results

RM: I had a quick exchange with CM about re-running the update-search-index script but he wanted to do some root-cause analyses.
JW: ping CM before doing it

### documenting `{{#each ary key=foo as |i|}}` (CM, 10min)
- a11y concerns due to focus jumping
- Octane+tracked properties lean towards immutable data patterns, which might make specifying `key` more frequent
- action item: someone to contact the framework team and ask opinion about whether `key` is essential in Octane apps

### what is a release (RM, 20 min)

- The concept of a release. We have a concept of project release. We should make
sure we are all in sync and figure out next steps to communicate with other
core teams and the community.


- [ ] JW to PR some changes to https://emberjs.com/releases/
- [ ] RM to follow up with framework, data and cli teams and CM/JG.


## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
