# 2019-11-21

Facilitator & Note Taker: Melanie

## Today's Topics

- Next week's meeting?
- Octane Component Guides Update (YK)
- [December Blog Posts](https://www.notion.so/emberteam/December-2019-Blog-Series-aabfef213ede4014afdd7b5bf49e6f2c) (MS)
- Frédéric: Mentor label on Github
- EmberConf! (JW)

## Attendees

- [x]  Chris Manson (CM)
- [x]  Amy Lam (AL)
- [x]  Ricard Mendes (RM)
- [x]  Jessica Jordan (JJ)
- [ ]  Sivakumar Kailasam (SK)
- [x]  Yehuda Katz
- [x]  Dan Monroe (DM)
- [x]  Jared

- [x]  Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [x]  Jen Weber (JW)
- [x]  Kenneth Larsen (KL)
- [ ]  David Baker (DB)
- [ ]  Robert Wagner (RW)
- [x]  Frédéric Soumaré (FS)
- [x]  Isaac Lee (IL)

## Action Items

- [ ]  Facilitator to add notes to [core-notes GitHub repo](https://github.com/emberjs/core-notes/)
- [x]  @Jessica Jordan will facilitate next week's meeting
- [ ]  Learning Team should now start reviewing the guide content, as it's ready from Yehuda's perspective
- [ ]  @Yehuda Katz will write some prose for a contributing guide to explain some approach decisions
- [x]  @Jessica Jordan propose addons for countdown to the new year initiative, prepare writeups
- [ ]  Fix meeting zone app @Melanie Sumner  @Chris Manson
- [ ]  Schedule a post-Octane cleanup party
- [ ]  @Jen Weber ask meta about adding a Mentor label to all repos
- [ ]  Add info about mentoring to the contributing guide

## Minutes

Should we meet next week?

- It's Thanksgiving in the US so many people will be gone. Enough people are still around that we will be meeting.
- Ricardo and Jessica will be here, and Jessica will facilitate

Octane components update

- pzuraq did some work to replace the code example
- Yehuda & Vaidehi are continuing to work on it. Vaedehi is helping catch places where content is confusing
- WIP is looping over arrays and template syntax reference material. Worst case scenario for templates, we use what was written previously. Yehuda plans to get this done next week.
- YK: The previous plan doc is being followed. We will probably leave Templates as it is in the current Octane guides. Approaching 80/20 rule.
- YK: I wrote a [DOM guide](https://octane-guides-preview.emberjs.com/release/components/glimmer-components-dom/) and I want that to make sure that gets included, but it should be moved to a new place.
- YK: action item for the learning team - new content is ready for detailed feedback, with an eye towards shipping.
- YK: Will also add to [CONTRIBUTING.md](http://contributing.md) with important language choices. Feel free to tag me for review and if I don't respond, DM me.
- MS: When can we merge?
- YK: After it is not a draft PR
- MS: Should we merge in people's suggestions or wait for your review?
- YK: Yes, wait for a few days since I want to make sure we stick to the language.
- MS: What is the timeframe?
- YK: Hoping to have this ready ahead of 3.15
- JW: 3.15 shipping week starts Dec 9th so we have 2 weeks for this work + review

## December blog posts

MS: doing a series of quick posts about addon that are short, fun, to the point, and bring joy! Aim is to be religion-agnostic in the name for the project. Any thoughts?

YK: I like it. Fun is a good theme

AL: like the idea, don't have much time to help

JJ: seems good

JW: happy to help write a couple

RM: I can review if people are looking for feedback