# YYYY-MM-DD

Facilitator & Note Taker: Chris Manson

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

- [ ] Ed Falkner (EF)
- [ ] Chris Manson (CM)
- [ ] Alex (A)
- [ ] Peter Meehan (PM)
- [ ] Aaron Chambers (AC)
- [ ] Your name here (INITIALS)

## Topics

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

### <10 min> with staticComponents: true, are non-invoked components (from v1 or v2 addons) in the build? (if so, README changes to call this out?) <@NullVoxPopuli> 

- are components from any source being included in your build? 
- EF: no
- EF: in embroider this is true. in ember-auto-import everything will be included
- EF: when an app is fully strict mode we could do better than this in a classic build

### <5-10 min> thoughts on how to use any icon from https://github.com/kaermorchen/ember-mdi without bundling all 7k+ = 4MB of them <@void_mAlex>

- It’s recently had a beta release with a conversion to v2 addon
- Ideally bundle the statically imported ones and make available the rest if it’s even possible with a dynamic import?

- I may be able to use any of the SVGs but I don't want to pay the full cost
- EF: let's see what they are doing - custom rollup config. building a new component for each svg
- EF: if you wanted access to them all as dynamic import then we can support that
- EF: side note: this would be good as a resource because it would encapsulate the asynchronously
- EF: their docs might be tricking people to download them all i.e. ```import { Github } from 'ember-mdi';```
- EF: try ```await import(`ember-mdi/icons/${name}`)```
- EF: why are we using components here anyway, I'm assuming they are using a dependency that provides the svgs
- EF: bypassing the ember-mdi and using `@mdi/icons` directly is probably a good thing to do
- EF: you can even import the SVGs so you can hook into loaders etc.

### <20 min> guidance around package rules and yieldsSafeComponent tests <@void_mAlex>

- Expecting locals to have anything to do with component rules? Currently they add an extra block stack that throws off detection `safeComponentInScope`
- For TemplateRules do we need to run babel-plugin-adjust-imports alongside babel-plugin-ember-template-compilation as extraImports that could/should be used with static components are only added by that when a test like respects invokes rule on a component expect to have the imports emitted
- Review tests to validate expected values on skipped tests in resolver.test.ts - as this would allow me to further get the code to the place it needs to be 

- A: This is regarding the remaining commented out tests
- (detailed conversation about the implementation)
- I would like the 10 remaining tests have correct expectations
- (more detailed conversation about the implementation)
- EF: deep dive at the end of the call
- EF: caveats - this area is actively getting touched
- EF: we could output logical imports that would be avoiding our double resolving 
- EF: then webpack would be able to hook into the import and know what to build
- EF: I don't want the errors to be a lot worse, if we hand off to webpack it might be hard to feed a good error through

### <5-10 min> Context and update on “Non-JS files in mirage dir being ignored” (Issue) - We’re hitting this I think. <@achambers>

- we have some typescript files in the mirage dir that aren't being noticed
- AC: can you give us some idea of why this is and what we can do to fix it
- EF: in order to give the mirage folder meaning in a classic build (i.e. it's not in app so it doesn't mean anything on its own)
- EF: the way that it works is that ember-cli-mirage takes ownership of the files and it re-emits them as if they were part of ember-cli-mirage
- EF: this side-steps any processing that your app might have configured
- EF: in an embroider build it shouldn't be too hard to just import files directly and things will just work
- EF: to solve this in ember-cli-mirage we would need to have a solution that would work for non-embroider builds
- EF: ember-cli-mirage is pusing people towards just using mirage.js directly, this might help us.
- EF: a lot of the helpers like auto-discovery of models 
- CM: the beta could work very well for this - there is an inversion of control for the auto config
- EF: this touches back to what we talked about last week, to configure ember-auto-import to be in charge of certain folders, this would work for this

### <5 min> Reviewing and publicizing v1-to-v2 codemod(s) https://github.com/ijlee2/ember-codemod-v1-to-v2 https://github.com/NullVoxPopuli/ember-addon-migrator

- should we put links to these somewhere? 
- CM: are we too early if we don't have RFCs for the ember addon v2? 
- EF: you're not wrong, we should be moving towards standardisation
- EF: but it's not too early because once you're publishing V2 that's very stable. It's just the authoring format that might need to change. This is a localised pain to the developer and something that wouldn't be felt by consumers
- EF: it's a lower stakes decision 
- CM: not exactly low stakes - there are quite a few devs that I know that are feeling fatigue around embroider and might end up scared away
- EF: makes sense, but we support the current blueprint so if there are any radical changes then we can create codemod tools for moving people over

### <5-10 min> Discussion around discoverability of the issue with pnpm deduping https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/issues/1338

- CM: can we help people find info about this issue? i.e. throw a specific error? add it to docs?
- EF: we could solve this with tooling and make this part of blueprints
- EF: it's hard for us to fix this in reality
- EF: we could put the comment that we discussed last week in the empty package
- CM: we could add a link to embroider docs that explains this whole situation
- CM: I'll add the docs and the PR to add a comment
- CM: and we need to make test-helpers a v2 so it will solve this for **most** people
- A: can ember-cli-dependency-checker catch this? 