# YYYY-MM-DD

Note Taker: Chris Manson
Time Keeper: Aaron Chambers 

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

- [x] Ed Falkner (EF)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Aaron Chambers (AC)
- [x] Alex (A)
- [x] Preston Sego (PS)
- [x] Peter Meehan (PM)
- [x] Nick Schot (NS)
- [x] Dave Laird (DL)
- [x] gossi (G)

## Topics


### `import` and `importSync` with dynamic segments and cross-packages <@gossi>

- (a description of the problem)
- EF: is this in embroider? i.e. is the app running in embroider
- the underlying issue is that we haven't formalised how we support asset importing
- it's not going to work without telling people they need to do a bit of setup
- whatwg has had multiple proposals to try to fix this
- webpack has good defaults when you turn on assets (i.e. configure it correctly)
- depending on your setup there are 2 different ways that you would need to configure (embroider or ember-auto-import)
- G: one of these works but the other doesn't

```js
const icon = await import(`@addon-name/icons/${this.style}/${this.args.name}.svg`);

const icon = await import('@addon-name/icons/regular/chevron-right.svg');
```

- EF: this should be a stock webpack feature. It should be compiling it to a wildcard that has a static map.
- G: I think the static map is missing. should we be providing the static map ourselves?
- EF: you shouldn't need do that
- there should be a test for this. Does it work with JS modules
- G: no
- EF: this could be a new bug. I don't know if it's tested well in embroider (there are better tests in ember-auto-import)
- we should probably port these tests to embroider too
- G: I'll test this in a classic app and the latest stable release of embroider

### release status - @ef4

- (discussion about the new deployment system)
- CI is failing
- CM: can't we continue because this is functionally the same as learna-changelog
- EF: no the bigger problem is that we had situations where we didn't notice packages needed to be released
- CM: and the real issue is that this tool now both generates changelogs **and** tells us what packages need to be published.


### Vite plugin // for addons? // encapsulate the entirety of an app in a plugin? <@NullVoxPopuli>

- (discussion of the problem)
- PS: the goal here is to make it so that vite is in charge and you wouldn't need to have the addon build
- EF: is this also about not having a test app and just pulling one form a dependency
- PS: vite needs to support having an app at all and then we can ask the next questions
- EF: the next step: the module resolver plugin isn't the hard part. We still need the stage-1 stuff
- this is why we're working on removing the rewriting of the whole app
- we will have an explicit command to rewrite v1 addons and keep them under node_modules somewhere
- there is stuff at stage 2 (app stuff) that is still tied to broccoli
- we discussed this in the pre-office hours last week. This will be easier if you want to change the support for overriding trees in an ember app build

### can we merge https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/pull/1348 ? <@mansona>

- approved 

### should we include @babel/runtime in non typescript addons https://github.com/embroider-build/addon-blueprint/pull/113 <@nickschot>

- EF: since it's a dev-dependency I don't think it can hurt
- (discussion about the differences between typescript and non-typescript addons)
- CM: I wonder if this is related to the fact that we're not using the most popular plugin?
- (discussion about typescript and rollup)
- EF: we can probably just merge this change
