# 2023-06-20

Note Taker: Chris Manson
Time Keeper: Aaron Chambers

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

- [x] Ed Falkner (EF)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Aaron Chambers (AC)
- [x] Alex (A)
- [x] Preston Sego (PS)
- [x] Peter Meehan (PM)
- [x] Nick Schot (NS)
- [x] Katie Gengler (KG)
- [ ] Your name here (INITIALS)

## Topics

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

### What are our thoughts about a docs website? <@mansona>

- CM: have we thought about having a docs site yet?
- EF: a lot of the docs aren't for things that we want to inflict on people
- the bulk of the work would happen when we want to move things to recommended
- we might update the cli guides
- some of the docs we don't need to write, we can point to vite etc. 
- CM: (discussion of the problem)
- EF: what about a better

### Can we release https://github.com/kategengler/ember-cli-code-coverage and should it go under ember-cli org? <@mansona>

- EF: any issues with releasing this?
- KG: there are plenty of issues with the package but it won't make it worse
- it's set up to release on tag
- EF: should we add some more people to the maintainer
- CM: I'm happy to help

### review our project planning and compare https://github.com/orgs/emberjs/projects/9/views/1 and https://github.com/orgs/embroider-build/projects/1/views/1 <@ef4>

- EF: should we roll our planning into the polaris project?
- CM: I like the idea of having our own
- KG: I think it would be good to upstream status to the polaris project


### Next steps on https://github.com/emberjs/babel-plugin-ember-template-compilation/pull/21 ??? <@achambers>

- AC: should we try to implement this into ember-template-import?
- EF: the first place should probably be the v2 addon
- we need to implement a rollup plugin that calls the swc implementation
- CM: which of the tasks https://github.com/ef4/content-tag/issues are blockers before we can start the rollup glue code?
- #1 #2 #3 are required and the rest are nice to have
- (moving repo to embroider)
- (marked blockers with label in repo)
- EF: we need to review the PR to make sure it matches the merged RFC
- CM: I'll work on the SWC next


### The Return of the V2 Addon Watch Tests https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/pull/1473 <@NullVoxPopuli>

- EF: looks good


### ember data dependency for a v2 addon ember-data depends on ember-data/serializer <@mansona>

- CM: is it right that you can't work with dependencies of dependencies
- EF: that can never be right
- if you're importing stuff

### Label / triage process stuff https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/pull/1472 <@NullVoxPopuli>

- EF: seems good


### can we release ember-try? <@mansona>

- KG: it is set up to release on tag
- CM: I didn't know that 🙃
- I didn't see anything about that in the RELEASE.md
- I'll add something to the notes and I can work on the release
- KG: beware there was a beta version released a while ago out of nowhere
- CM: I'll investigate and figure out what the situation is

