# 2023-11-07

Note Taker: Chris Manson
Time Keeper: Aaron Chambers

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

- [x] Ed Falkner (EF)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Aaron Chambers (AC)
- [x] Alex (A)
- [x] Preston Sego (PS)
- [x] Simon Ihmig (SI)
- [x] Katie Gengler (KG)
- [ ] Peter Meehan (PM)
- [x] Godfrey Chan (GC)
- [x] Nick Schot (NS)
- [ ] tommyjr
- [ ] Your name here (INITIALS)

## Topics

### Release ember-auto-import? Can I get permissions and should I setup some sort of auto-release? <@mansona>

- EF: added you to npm and as an admin on github
- CM: I'll setup a release 👍

### typed-ember / glint may have too limited of access, should the tooling team be added to managing Glint? <@NullVoxPopuli>

- EF: I see it as in our scope, we're the tooling team
- if we need more people on the repos permissions that seems fine
- what is blocked? do you have an example?
- (discussion about the output of v2 addons)
- this sounds like a problem with the v2 addon spec
- https://github.com/typed-ember/glint/issues/628
- EF: actually this does sound like a glint problem
- it's probably a follow up to https://github.com/typed-ember/glint/pull/621/files to use the name mapping in the declaration files

### new embroider logo? <@mansona>

- DM me feedback on the designs
- KG: we should go through Leah on this because the embroider logo is in the brand guidelines
- CM: will do


### "engines" post-native ESM, V2, etc <@chancancode>

- do we need them any more? 
- A: I think of this as a federation of apps going forward
- EF: whatever we decide on this we need to teach the upgrade from the old to the new thing
- (discussion about the useful part of engines)
	
### gjs codemod using resolver.json <@chancancode>

- GC: in general it would be nice to have the embroider resolver implementation available to things like codemods
- EF: it could be good to run embroider in codemod mode
- we would give embroider the transforms that you would want it to apply and it would just run them against your app
- (discussion of the internals of how this would work)


