# YYYY-MM-DD

Facilitator & Note Taker: 

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

- [x] Ed Falkner (EF)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Alex (A)
- [x] Peter Meehan (PM)
- [x] Preston Sego (PS)
- [x] Dave Laird (DL)
- [x] Djamel (D)
- [x] Ignace (I)

## Topics

### embroider vs. classic build performance + measurement discussion <@22a>
View of time spent in webpack compile step / interop with existing broccoli tree analysis tooling 
For rebuilds: do you measure time from editor save to page/module reloaded?

### CSS issues - differences between dev and production: https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/issues/1358 <@mansona>

- CM describes the issue
- EF: do a webpack setup with the same configs to rule it out
- if it's a parsing problem then it would be in the css loader
- it's possible that we're missing a setting or something but let's rule out the webpack problem

### isRelevantRequest moved in main, where is a good place to ignore `!../../` resolve requests? https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/pull/1359 <@mansona>

- mostly good
- move it into the function
- add a test

### release blockers <@mansona>

- EF: the blocker is that there is a bunch of code that we can throw away when we move everythign to the new resolution
- I had to move where the resolution happened, and that changed it
- it's hard to touch this stuff without breaking someone's code
- when we can delete this code then we're done
- A: anything I can do to help
- EF: yes! I'll send you some tests when I'm at a point that I can

### thoughts on addon-dev idea / https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/issues/1329 <@NullVoxPopuli>>

- EF: making the public entry points harmonise with exports sounds nice
- the issue is that there is a lot of features in exports so as soon as people want to use them then we might need to turn off the auto function
- needs to degrade gracefully as people want the functionality
- PS: this was related to an issue that Simon brought up with types
- CM: last time we discussed this it was identified as an issue with the rollup typescript plugin
- EF: we should be on the look out for better options 
- PS: action item - try out some plugins like esbuild etc. 

### “a” solution to the earlyBootSet cycle: https://github.com/ef4/ember-auto-import/pull/566 <@NullVoxPopuli>

- EF: do we actually know what the problem is?
- PS: maybe... I'm able to reliably reproduce it and fix it when importing ember-bootstrap but I can't reproduce it without ember-bootstrap
- EF: maybe ember-bootstrap's dependency tree is pulling in a real copy of rsvp
- ember has a fake copy of it and that takes control of every reference
- CM: why did this happen?
- EF: this is related to the early bootset feature that PS implemented
- the history is that ember-auto-import used to be a "one way" dependency 
- now you have v2 addons being built that can import the other way from the classic world
- you can now create loops from classic to v2 and back to classic
- in the amd define now we need to know what things the v2 addon can depend on
- a more correct solution would involve consuming the module graph info out of the webpack build
- this implementation is the simpler way of doing it, with a hardcoded version of dependencies
- CM: I'm assuming this is not relevant to embroider builds?
- EF: this is only for ember-auto-import so we can solve it specifically for webpack
- CM: do we actually need to solve this?
- EF: yes. we want people to upgrade their addons and we want them to continue to work in classic builds
- A: can we reuse the work that you're doing in embroider resolver to solve this
- EF: it doesn't really solve the problem. 
- back to the PR - you can check if there is a copy of rsvp
- you can just exclude rsvp in ember-auto-import and see if that fixes the bug
- PS: should we just add it to exclude by default
- EF: well we should try to figure out why it's doing what it's doing. Maybe it's about types
- ideally the dependency that has rsvp in the dependency should stop doing that, but we should know why
- alternatively we can just make sure it doesn't collide by changing the name somehow

- side note work has started on making the ember package a real module and that would solve the issue the other way


### addon-blueprint uses app blueprint from ember-cli <@void_mAlex>

- Files from addon blueprint in ember-cli make it into the files from embroider bp
- Causes test failures for eslint upgrade https://github.com/embroider-build/addon-blueprint/pull/108

### case for a pre-release? (I remembered what I wanted to say in the release blockers topic) <@mansona>

- (discussion about it)
- as long as it's not creating effort on github releases then we can just do this
- ember-animated has an auto push unstable on main
- CM: we could do this as an on-demand trigger so we don't make it too noisy 
- CM: I'll create a PR "stealing" the ember-animated implementation

