# YYYY-MM-DD

Note Taker: 
Time Keeper: 

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

- [x] Ed Falkner (EF)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Aaron Chambers (AC)
- [x] Alex (A)
- [x] Preston Sego (PS)
- [x] Peter Meehan (PM)
- [x] Wandroll (W)
- [x] Dave Laird (DL)
- [x] Tomek Nieżurawski (TN)

## Topics

### Template tag plan of attack and review Aaron’s braindump <@achambers>

- EF: we should identify next steps
- The Draft RFC is very good. We should look into the other args that are passed to the compiler and make sure we want to keep them
- we should add some typescript types into the RFC. The proposed API is very low level so it doesn't need to be too complex
- (discussing the implementation in https://github.com/ef4/content-tag)
- it's deployed to npm for now so we can try it out
- there is a TODO list in https://github.com/ef4/content-tag/blob/main/src/bindings.rs#L10 for things that can be done next
  - report errors through the bindgen -> syntax errors don't make it across the node binding
  - we need to support the top-level default export template 
- We also started work on the babel side of things: https://github.com/emberjs/babel-plugin-ember-template-compilation/pull/21

### ember-cli-update update on the addon blueprint - it doesn’t work 😭 <@mansona>

  - It’s based on versions so we should probably “release” the blueprint more often
  - It does generate an ember-cli-update.json for us. Should we consider having an output repo?
  - It can’t download the npm package properly https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli-update/blob/master/src/download-package.js#L32 not sure what it’s looking for

- CM: we could sidestep the npm install problem by using an output repo
- EF: we should just fix the npm install
- PS: there are other benefits of having an output repo
- EF: we could do that later, but we should just fix the npm install. The problematic function has a well defined input and output so we can make it work 
- CM: we should also endeavour that we release no longer than a week after a merge
- ALL: agreed

### Can we merge https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/pull/1446 <@mansona>	

- yes! merged 

### fix typescript any pr will now fail due to unpinned @babel/types <@void-mAlex>
  - See https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/pull/1443
  - Also review would be nice

- merged!

### working with v2 addon not picking up new components <@void-mAlex>

- A: the stock v2 addon blueprint output and stock test app doesn't pick up new components
- releasing the blueprint might help
- EF: I think that the issue is that the package.json is being cached and that's what keeps the exports
- `shared-interneals/src/package.ts`
- we should at least stat the package.json to see if we need to reload
- CM: is this testable? 
- EF: yes
- there is a v1 addon rebuild test that we can add reuse to add to the v2-addon-dev-test rebuild test

### publish new version of addon-blueprint <@void-mAlex>

- let's just release it
- we don't need more tooling right now

### rerolling lock file gets us a lot of unmet peer deps <@void-mAlex>

  - How do we want to handle those in the context of scenario tester, is it fine to add them to the package json even though older versions we test for don’t need it?

- (discussion about potential failures in the future)
- CM: if we're worried about failures coming down the line then why don't we add beta or canary to our tests
- A: I'm worried that we're sitting on a bug that is waiting to happen
- EF: no there is no problem waiting to happen. This is how it has always worked 

### discuss ember-cli thoughts <@void-mAlex>

> We are tentatively planning to roll the ember-cli meeting into the embroider meeting

- (long discussion)
- (no real conclussion)
- EF: it's probably a good idea to merge the meetings
- it's all build tooling
- 

### https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/pull/1423 <@NullVoxPopuli>

- (discussion of the PR)
- EF: it would be nice to roll this into the v2-addon-dev-test file
- I don't want to spiral the number of test apps
- does this rebuild the app? 
- PS: no this is just the v2 addon output
- CM: since this isn't about the app we could just merge it as a new addon

### Attempt to add test-scenario for storeConfigInMeta fix - is this the correct approach? <@22a>

- 

