# 2023-08-15

Note Taker: Chris Manson
Time Keeper: Aaron Chambers

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

- [x] Ed Falkner (EF)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Aaron Chambers (AC)
- [x] Alex (A)
- [x] Preston Sego (PS)
- [x] Simon Ihmig (SI)
- [x] Katie Gengler (KG)
- [ ] Peter Meehan (PM)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [x] Andrey Mikhaylov (AM)
- [x] sol


## Topics

### follow up on if ember-cli-htmlbars has been released. Katie said they would setup CI release and Preston said they would do the release <@mansona>

- KG: I released this
- ember-cli-htmlbars CI is failing on ember-release, ember-canary, and ember-beta scenarios
- if someone had time to look at this that would be great
- it's most likely an artifact of the test rather than a real problem

### should we move scenario-tester to embroider-build? Or give some of the tooling team access? This is so that we can review and merge changes like https://github.com/ef4/scenario-tester/pull/14 <@mansona>

- yes! done
- also added PM to the team
- also added CM to the npm org
- also added KG to the npm org

### Should there be more owners of github.com/embroider-build ? Although it wasn’t urgent I think Ed is currently the only person that can add team members, and he was away last week <@mansona>

- yes! added KG


### nodejs 20 weirdness <@void-mAlex> https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/issues/1532#issuecomment-1673413125

- talked about this 

### Can we add real_ate to whatever npm group has access for “@embroider” packages <@mansona>

- done - see above


<5 mins> better solution for https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/issues/1251 <@void-mAlex>

### ember-try-config adding “rules” for older ember versions https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-try-config/pull/192  <@mansona> 

- (discussion of the situation)
- KG: this is only used in a very small place, we should be able to merge the "drop node 14" PR without this
- CM: I'll try to fix the node pr without the need for this one 

### finding someone to work on https://github.com/embroider-build/ember-auto-import/pull/512 <@ef4>

- (discussion about how important this is)
- EF: this is probably under the work that CM and I are doing
- CM: yes we can add this to the roadmap and assign it to me

### Is the tools team ok with “owning” new.emberjs.com and making sure it works on every release <@mansona>

- CM: this is a spillover discussion from the learning team
- EF: I'm not sure if this is the best use of our time
- (more discussions)
- PS: it's very thin implementation
- EF: I feel better if it's really this thin. Nothing custom
- the question comes up to what list to put this on
- KG: i feel odd to add something to the release list that kelly would need to do and he's not here
- EF: PS will consider where to put this in the release checklists

### Not a design question (that can be done offline). What’s the next steps on https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-try-config/pull/192 <@mansona>

- discussed already

### Expectations of the vite-app working? Got a lot of `Embroider's amdCompatibility option is disabled, but something tried to use it to access "@ember/application"` <@mansona>

- CM: what can we do to error early
- EF: in `vite/src/resolver.ts` we can assert in the `resolver()` function to assert that we need the amd config that was missing

### what do we expect our DX to be around watching a v2 build and a classic/embroider app? Should we wait for vite for a better DX? <@mansona>

- EF: no we need to fix these bugs
- we need to be less aggressive on caching the app imports stuff
- we need to have a way to say what packages are under development
- CM: I'll (try to) add a test that covers this
- EF: we can probably add something to addon-dev that solves the creation issue

### https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli/issues/8164 is this relevant? <@locks>

- KG: we should probably test against yarn 3
