# 2023-05-23

Note Taker: Chris Manson
Time Keeper: Aaron Chambers

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

- [x] Ed Falkner (EF)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Aaron Chambers (AC)
- [x] Alex (A)
- [x] Preston Sego (PS)
- [x] Dave Laird (DL)

## Topics

### extraction + split of ember-template-imports  (babel-plugin (or addition to exist) and the preprocessor), https://github.com/ember-template-imports/ember-template-imports/issues/143  <@NullVoxPopuli>

- EF: this is a very useful list, it will allow us to make sure that all the consumers will work well with the new rust based lib
- (discussion about current uses)
- PS: glint is using the current lib for fault tolerance
- EF: this is something to make sure it's working. We currently don't have a fault-tolerant hbs parser

### Addon-blueprint PRs https://github.com/embroider-build/addon-blueprint/pulls <@NullVoxPopuli>

- https://github.com/embroider-build/addon-blueprint/pull/120
  - EF: try without a name 
- (discussion about having a non-monorepo test app for a v2 addon)

### release preview automation https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/pull/1440 <@NullVoxPopuli>

- EF: seems fine
- A: it would be nice if we could find a way to not automatically add everyone as a watcher so we don't get spammed
- EF: that seems like a reasonable request, but I feel like notifications are unusable anyway
- A: a good reason to not make the situation worse
- EF: a nice follow up to this PR would be to actually do a release on merge. This is why we commit the plan


### LinkTo with routable engines and embroider flags turned on cause url not recognised errors <@void-mAlex>
  
- https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/pull/1443
- From what I can tell ember resolver checks requirejs map for existence of lazy-engine/routes and when it doesn’t find that because static addons is turned on it throws an error making any host app with a declared engine unusable if the app has a linkto an internal engine route

- discussed in pre-meeting office hours
- A: PR is still failling but I will follow up


### node 18+ support and building in ci against all LTS - node 16 EOL in 3 months-ish <@void-mAlex>

- EF: the policy is that we're still supporting 3.28 
- for CI we can't really test everything at all node versions
- A: we need to make sure it works in the default node version
- CM: we should add a tagging system to scenario-tester so we can add a "smoke test" to try a subset of tests against all node versions
- EF: in the mean time we could open a PR to update to node 18 and not merge it

### merge https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/pull/1444 <@void-mAlex>

- we don't need patch-package because pnpm has it natively
- merged

### Hey EmberConf! Video - get involved! <@achambers>

- 2 second clip - do it!

### Where are we going to push the rust implementation to? <@mansona>

- Currently in EF personal https://github.com/ef4/swc https://github.com/ef4/wip-glimmer-swc-plugin https://github.com/ef4/wip-glimmer-swc-demo
- EF: how many repos do we need? probably better to have our fork and an independent repo for our plugin
- we can then have github actions to update our patch against upstream swc
- PS: what about upstreaming this? 
- CM: wasn't there a talk about sending this to TC39?
- EF: that's not the first step anyway (content tag spec)
- there are other potential use cases
- what I wrote in the draft RFC is quite close what would be a generic content tag

### Do we have any ideas about ember-cli-update for addon blueprint? <@mansona>

- EF: this should be working
- CM: there is no ember-cli-update file generated in our output tho
- CM: I'll look into it

