# YYYY-MM-DD

Note Taker: Chris Manson
Time Keeper: 

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

- [x] Ed Falkner (EF)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [ ] Aaron Chambers (AC)
- [x] Alex (A)
- [x] Preston Sego (PS)
- [x] Simon Ihmig (SI)
- [x] Katie Gengler (KG)
- [ ] Peter Meehan (PM)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [x] Andrey Mikhaylov (AM)
- [x] Nick Schot (NS)
- [x] tommyJr (TJ)
- [x] YnotDraw
- [x] Windvis

## Topics

### Recommendation for green field projects wrt Embroider/Vite <@simonihmig>

- starting a project and considering Ember vs React
- want to work on good build times
- what are people's thoughts
- this is a green field project and we can rely on v2 only
- CM: it's not good right now because `@embroider/macros` breaks with vite
- A: I wouldn't recommend vite yet - use embroider strict from the start
- PS: recently I enabled staticEmberSource for apps and they improved performance
- CM: regarding slowdowns that we've seen recently, that was because of in-repo-addons in a non monorepo
- I agree with A that you should build with all the flags on for your build

### Thoughts on ESLint rule guarding against (fixing) self-imports of own package name <@simonihmig>

- (discussion of the situation)
- is it true for addons?
- EF: not if they use exports correctly
- SI: you can't import private things that aren't in imports
- EF: you could add "sub path imports" (that start with a hash sign) https://nodejs.org/api/packages.html#subpath-imports
- we can be opinionated about good policy but I don't think this rises to that
- SI: i wanted to write a fixable 
- CM: but your lint rules can't use external info
- EF: not really true
- no-extraneous-dependencies looks at your package
- PS: this can help too: https://github.com/NullVoxPopuli/eslint-configs
- EF: this doesn't cache well so be careful

### how do we feel about moving scenario-tester to ESM? https://github.com/embroider-build/scenario-tester/pull/18 <@mansona>

- CM: it seems like people are ok with the overal plan
- EF: regarding your point about using a github dep, that might not be good enough since it will include ts files in the package
- CM: it's already working in ember-cli-fastboot
- 

### give permissions to @mansona on `scenario-tester` so that we can enable GitHub pages for hosting a TypeDoc API docs website. Consider giving Chris full permission over the `embroider-build` org to relieve the bus factor. <@lolmaus>

- EF: yes I'll do this now
- I'll make the core team maintain permissions

### https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/issues/1358 csso vs cssnano (default by webpack) vs clean-css (current ember-cli build system) <@katiegengler>

- (discussion of the error)
- A: my suggestion is to not use app.css because you can opt-out of the strangeness of the current build https://discord.com/channels/480462759797063690/1119340606955733164/1148642671628386326
- EF: we have a legacy path for vendor.css etc.
- KG: I'm not exactly sure where csso was added
- EF: the webpack config in `@embroider/webpack` should be what is at play
- https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/blob/4f583c9b87a6da95b59ecde0939d4177dfd15d3b/packages/webpack/src/ember-webpack.ts#L353
- EF: this is all compat code
- CM: does our work on ember-auto-import fix this compatibility problem?
- EF: yes. it will allow orgs to move over to embroider easier with a feature flag etc.
- it will be hard for us to remove the vendor.css functionality completely
- KG: I'll take a look at making this more compatibility and writing a guide


### https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli-update/pull/1246 (and the release) is blocked by windows. Can we release anyway? <@mansona>

- (long discussion)
- CM: the reason I need to do a major is because there was a PR that was already merged last year that removed deprecated code
- (the team) reluctant to release something that would push people to update node and it would be broken
- CM: we could release 2 majors 🤷‍♀️ integers are free
- EF: I think it shouldn't take too long to fix this
- CM: let's give it a little while to fix and then we should release 2 majors
- CM: I'm going to ask kelly and robert for permissions to release it anyway, that might take a while

