# 2023-02-07

Facilitator & Note Taker: Chris Manson

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

- [x] Ed Falkner (EF)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Your name here (INITIALS)
- [x] Alex (A)
- [x] Peter Meehan (PM)
- [x] Aaron Chambers (AC)
- [x] Preston Sego (PS)
- [x] Simon Ihmig (SI)
- [x] Dave Laird (DL)

## Topics

### discussion around ember-engines as v2 addons what’s possible today vs goal <@void_mAlex>

- where exactly does all the engine magic go in a brand new V2 addon?
- EF: the challenge is that engines are both app like and addon like
- the things they need that are app like they don't have
- we've implemented app tree merging in v1 engines for correctness
- we don't anticipate this behaviour in a strict v2 addon
- it depends on what you are using engines for
- A: I feel like I can just get away with a v2 addon, but it feels like I can just throw away engines
- with embroider there seems like there wouldn't be a lot left
- I feel like the only stuff is the injected services
- EF: yehuda is actively working on this
- formalising what the api is for booting an ember app, with optional api for adding services
- they are working on "separately deployable engines"
- Ember just needs to have a way to just boot an app and optionally take some services. That is all that an Engine is
- you should get in touch with yehuda and see what the status is of the existing work
- one of the main motivations for engines was to have non-global resolution in templates
- with strict mode templates then you don't need this functionality any more
- CM: is this part of the embroider work? i.e. add an item to the roadmap?
- EF: yes probably. we can think of this as a "how do we teach this" section of an RFC and just have a document that explains the process
- (more discussion about usage of engines)
- EF: you could decide that you can just use other code separation techniques, and figure out the services
- A: that and subroutes
- EF: you can still do this in a v2 addon
- it's also fine to just continue to use v1


### review of https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/pull/1352 <@void_mAlex>

- (detailed discussion of the implementation)
- LGTM

### What’s the path forward for ember-ast-hot-load seeing as it’s not going to become compatible with Embroider? <@achambers>

- EF: we don't need to make our own hot loader. Webpack supports this out of the box
- to do that we have to run webpack's dev server which most people don't
- (looking into what needs to be done for ember-ast-hot-load)
- oh it doesn't even support Ember@4
- AC: what needs to be done to run the webpack dev server?
- EF: we could probably sit down and get it working for you in an hour or so 
- this is another reason why I'm doing the resolver work, it would make this much easier
- when the layering template resolver is merged then we will remove app tree merging
- CM: clarify what EF means by "things are close" and if AC needs this in days weeks or months
- EF: what I want for big apps is for them to have a parallel build that is kept green and then it's just a flag
- and we are keeping track of what is breaking etc
- you can also keep production building with classic for a long time
- AC: right now that's where we are. we build on every push to master
- right now building is working, but test environment is failing
- EF: sounds like we're aligned 
- we never want a painfully risky swich over process. we really only want it to be a flag
- 

### reliablyResolvable !.. on main. Need some guidance on where to debug next <@mansona>

- sorry i was talking and couldn't take notes
- I have a way forward

### move from zoom to discord <@void_mAlex>

- general consensus to do it
- CM: I will get one created and let you know

### path towards changing index.html from output to input semantics <@simonihmig>

- SI we've talked about this a few times and I want some guidance from a 10k foot view
- EF: there is probably a transition implementation that we could do
- we could make an addon or we could just write it as an RFC
- then you could be empowered to just make the changes to ember-cli 
- SI: does this need changes in ember-cli? or can this be a proof of concept on the embroider side?
- EF: we can do this on the embroider side behind a flag
- we should call it experimental until we figure out how to do it in classic builds
- we could also decide which problems are in scope here
  - files outside of app not addressible
  - config format
  - etc. other things that are under the bucket of "v2 app rfc"
- A: we could do it with a new html file? icantbelieveitsnot.html or somethign
- we can pass the file name as a flag
- EF: index.html is important though
- in embroider you can have any number of html files at lots of different folders
- i think this needs to be a yes or no flag, you can't have multiple different files
- A: does this mean we need the v2 app rfc
- EF: that's what I'm thinking. 
- CM: it sounds like we need the experiment regardless on the decision on how big this needs to be before landing
- that way we can decide after how big it will be
- EF & SI: yes that sounds good
- CM: added to the roadmap
- SI: this has considerations for app.css too, do we keep the legacy pipeline
- EF: we could have a specific import from `embroider-compat/css-pipeline` or something
- we also have to think about how public works. we would need to not special case public any more, or if it does then you wouldn't use that for things like favicons
- 

### release blockers <@nullvoxpopuli>

- the resolving pr could be a blocker
- I'm doing red green development but that won't catch everything (see CM's problems)
- (discussion about backporting)
- general consensus is that we can just wait to release, there are a lot of benefits to wait for the work that is in progress
- we need to add more tests / figure out why the existing test suite has been a smidge insufficient 😅
