# 2023-05-09

Note Taker: 
Time Keeper: Aaron Chambers

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

- [x] Ed Falkner (EF)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Aaron Chambers (AC)
- [x] Alex (A)
- [x] Peter Meehan (PM)
- [x] Nick Schot (NS)
- [x] Simon Ihmig (SI)

## Topics

### WriteV1Config /tests fix (non storeConfigInMeta) https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/pull/1412 <@22a>

- (reviewing PR)
- PM: how do we test this?
- EF: I don't think we have a test app that has storeConfigInMeta as false
- it's probably worth adding a new app to a scenario. it's not free so we should probably only run it once
- PM: we don't need to run serve and hit the localhost:4200/tests and make sure it works?
- EF: we don't have anything like that right now. we can just check the contents of the file

### Ember under Vite rough drawing - directionally correct? <@22a>

- PM: just a sense check on our super crude idea of the architecture: https://github-production-user-asset-6210df.s3.amazonaws.com/7144173/237097591-a81c6526-692c-40f0-bd5e-b331997b003c.png
- EF: yes to the resolveId hook
- we will also need to make sure that template compilation is setup correctly (mostly just babel)
- the vite config file and the babel file will need to be real files, and they will need to import something from embroider
- 

### Let’s get better at planning for the extended office hours, or deciding if it’s going ahead from week to week <@achambers>

- CM: I didn't do my action item to update the calendar invite
- EF: the invite probably would have helped today
- I'm not too worried about planning something ahead of time
- A: what about alternating the weekly time?
- CM: I'm worried if we move it we sacrifice the guaranteed momentum for potential meetings
- A: I'll add a link to a survey to the pinned messages in the #dev-embroider channel

### Status of https://github.com/embroider-build/ember-auto-import/issues/565 <@simon>

- EF: nobody is working on this.
- (discussion about default embroider implementation for ember apps)
- A: before considering any change we should have the inversion of control with vite as a "carrot" and that will motivate people to fix things

### Release status? <@mansona>

- EF: I want a solid release pipeline
- some of my decisions rely on moving to pnpm
- this uncovered bugs that are already merged (types in macros)
- all a bunch of busy work
- there is a clear mismatch between what we're doing and what changesets expects from us
- CM: I don't want us to require each PR to have a changeset. we can't have that expectation in open source
- what would we need in a release-it plugin for this
- EF: asking for major minor release for each package
- making sure dependant major bumps actually bump correctly
- either having a single git release with everything together
- 

### Should we add “document scenario builder” to the roadmap <@mansona>

- EF: sure
- CM: I'm thinking a guides style docs would be useful
- https://github.com/ef4/scenario-tester


