# 2023-11-21

Note Taker: Chris Manson
Time Keeper: Andrey Mikhaylov

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

- [ ] Ed Falkner (EF)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Aaron Chambers (AC)
- [x] Alex (A)
- [x] Preston Sego (PS)
- [x] Simon Ihmig (SI)
- [x] Katie Gengler (KG)
- [ ] Peter Meehan (PM)
- [x] Andrey Mikhaylov (AM)
- [x] davidtaylor
- [x] nick schot

## Topics

### Catch up on rebuild speed regression (Issue) <@achambers>

- https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/issues/1669

- issue was fixed

### Update on our rebuild speed measurement data (pre regression version) <@achambers>

- (demo of the graphs)

### Discuss the viability of performance regression tests <@achambers>

- is there a way for us to have a performance test to prevent resolver refactors from slowing things down?
- KG: real world stats are better than a test harness
- CM: this slowdown was kinda accidental, the resolver refactor shouldn't really have been released since it had no benefit to most people (i.e. only vite)
- we're planning to start a feature branch for all the vite work so that we do a major once vite is done
- we could add some process where we don't release for a few days after merging to master (to give you time to test unstable)
- AC: we could set up a daily build that checks unstable

### Recommendation for handling index-modules in blueprint <@simonihmig>

- https://github.com/embroider-build/addon-blueprint/pull/229

- (discussion about the problem)
- CM: is it a big deal if we don't support this? 
- PS: the ecosystem expects it to work so I think we should
- CM: we could have problems if we're relying on 

### State of app vs. test layering bug? <@simonihmig>

- https://github.com/embroider-build/ember-auto-import/issues/503

- CM: I'm assigned to it and I'll be working on it next for pairing sessions 


### Decide if we are doing a vite feature branch. E.g. https://github.com/embroider-build/embroider/pull/1648 is ready to merge but we had a lot of trouble with the last one <@mansona>

- (discussed this a bit before)
- CM: by default let's assume that we won't merge any more resolver refactors into main, and use a long-running feature branch for now
- I'll add this to next week's agenda too

### Question about CI caching <@achambers>

- AC: is it worth caching `.embroider`?
- CM: I don't think so. Stage 1 and stage 2 I don't think are used between builds
- also stage 1 and stage 2 can be very fast, and most of the work is happening in webpack
- we might benefit from inversion of control and doing caching optimisations on the webpack side

### Catch up on CI issues: https://github.com/embroider-build/addon-blueprint/pull/223 NullVoxPopuli? 🙏 <@lolmaus>

- (dive into the code)
- PS: it could just be `options.pnpm` isn't working any more because it's now `options.packageManager === "pnpm"`
- I'll push it up and see if it fixes things
- CM: let us know if it doesn't and I'll put it on our plate to fix this week

