February 10, 2022

Facilitator & Note Taker: 

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [ ] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [x] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests

- [x] Mel Sumner (MS)
- [x] Joseph Sumner (JS)
- [x] Chris Ng (CN)

## Weekly review

## Topics

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
### Survey (MS, 10-15mins)

- MS been meaning to do something more accessible and stable and this year tried getting things working with Netlify forms
- MS one advantage of this approach is we can download results as a csv and it means the csv results woudl be in a centralized place
- MS are we okay with putting this on the ember learn netlify org and can we put a survey repo in the ember learn org?
- team agrees yes we're good with that
- JS and MS will open these things but might be a goal for next year
- Target date for the survey launch March 1st

### Documenting Key (RM & JW, 15 min)

- RM, the each helper in the templates has a named argument called key that Glimmer uses to specify the identity of the item for keeping track of what needs to be updated
- RM, historically ember arrays have been extended and objs in ember apps are often ember objs, pre-octane using key was considered a power user move, the prob is that in octane w/ tracked props and immutable data patterns that breaks down b/c we recreate new objs and arrays with new ids so we might need to revisit the concept of emmitting key
- RM, chris manson ran into this as an accessibility concern where focus would jump to the next row
- JW, after thinking about it it seems pretty important and we should figure out where we want to doc
- JW, question for this group --> are there any objections to mentioning key in the guides?
- RM, no, but we no longer have a place to document template syntax after merge with components so visibility is a concern
- JW, nullvox made a cheatsheet it might be in there
- RM, while we figure out what to document we should improve the api docs on the subject because atm the api docs just mention it
- JW, there's no statement about the issues with using key though which we should mention
- JW, is there a rule of thumb we can id that indicates when a key should be used?
- CN, do we know if you use the key when you don't need it if there's a downside?
- RM, there can be a downside if the computation for the key is expensive
- JW, opening an issue on emberjs and linking to the one in the guides https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/issues/19954

### Handbook Topic Reivew - Infrastructure (JW, 10 min)

- we reviewed the infrastructure page together and made some updates https://github.com/ember-learn/handbook/pull/61

### Where to doc get (JW, 10 min)



## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
