# June 27, 2022

 Facilitator & Note Taker: Anne-Greeth Schot-van Herwijnen

 ## Attendees

 Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

 ### Core Team

 - [x] Chris Manson (CM)
 - [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
 - [x] Jen Weber (JW)
 - [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
 - [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
 - [x] Chris Ng (CN)
 - [x] Anne-Greeth Schot-van Herwijnen (AG)

 ### Guests

 - [] Your name here (INITIALS)

 ## Weekly review

 [Open pull requests](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/pull-requests)

 ## Topics

### Fourth of July

US holiday, but the rest will keep the meeting going strong

### RFC 

JW: Share overview about the RFC and get everybodies opinion
https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/issues/827

Standardize the use of yarn and npm scripts in the Ember ....

We advice different commands to start and test their apps. `npm start`, `yarn start`, `ember start`. This RFC-discussion originated in the CLI blueprints (https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli/pull/9514).
We have a problem where people use in npm start in their day to day life and not using ember start/test. PR with an update, and a lot of discussion, and we could not just update it in one place. We need to update it everywhere. Robert Jackson suggested RFC with how people start their app, this is a substantial change, so we need community feedback. 
Asks for the team: 
- Feedback on the RFC should go in the RFC
- In your own work, do you know ember test of npm test, and how do you teach this
    - RM: I haven;t had Ember installed globally for ages, uses npx ember. There are topics related that follow this: if we're moving into this how do we do this in the guide? [Not a switcher to toggle between yarn and npm](https://vuepress-theme-hope.github.io/v2/guide/markdown/code-tabs.html#config). We suggest a default. How do we generate a project? `npx ember-cli@latest` `npm init ember-app` `yarn create ember-app` `yarn create ember-addon`. All LTS's of Node include `npx`. 
        - CM: `npm init ember-app` does not always use the latest version of Ember, there is no way to guarantee this
    - AG: I use `ember serve`. I wasn't aware of the `npx`/`npm` command would work
    - JG: I use `ember` commands when I can, but at work often `npm run` because there is a script.
- CM: If the docs include `npx` commands it makes it easier to understand custom scripts like CircleCI.
- JW: Is the initialize a follow-up RFC?
    - RM: We could suggest `npx` now, follow-up RFC could be about the `init` and the confusion about the naming of the package with `ember` and `ember-app`.
    - In our guide we say: `ember generate component`, should we continue to show those? 
    - RM: RFC authors can propose something and we can discuss this. 
- CM: This might fall out of the docs writing process, when this is accepted. It could be part of the RFC material, or later when we implement this. We should not leave this up to the RFC authors. We should give them a recommendation.
- RM: Encode "No global Ember" into the RFC. Reach out the CLI team (RM can do this) to bridge this topic. If they have ideas about the future, we can incorporate it now.
- JW: What is the scope of the RFC? So this discussion was helpful.
- RM: Relevant project: `ember build` the `npm build` does a production build and the ember one does development build. We saw a lot of people complaining about unoptimazied builds.

JW will bring the RFC back to the team when it's going :)    
It can be frustrating to hear "This needs an RFC", because it's a long process. Take-away: If we're thinking about suggeting an RFC, be sensistive about the time and energy it costs to do this. Make it explicit why it needs an RFC. Building up understanding about the process and playing a role in moving RFCs along.

CM: The RFC-app should help with the idea that an RFC is the place for ideas to die, so that it becomes a place for living ideas/documents.
RM: People misunderstand the RFC porcess and it's really hard to clarify this. People get stuck on the fact that the one thing they care about is not moving, instead of seeing things that do move along.
JW: All about RFCs blogpost, to "launch" the RFC-app and making it clear why we do this.
RM tried to submit this as a talk to EmberConf, but it did not get accepted. 
AG can draw maybe a visual aid to this.
JW: A volunteer came from RealDevSquad (https://welcome.realdevsquad.com/), so we can post it on their discord server ember channel or in the dev-ember-learning if we want a buddy along for the ride. About 20 PRs from that community over the past year.


 ## Ember Times suggestions

 We've send out the 200th edition last sunday. CN and AG know and are able to publish times. `CONTRIBUTING.md` is the place with all the notes and CN will update the ReadMe with the latest steps. We'll aim for once every two weeks.

 Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

 ## Any Questions?

 Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.