# June 18, 2020

Facilitator & Note Taker: Melanie Sumner

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team
- [ ] Amy Lam (AL)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Isaac Lee (IL)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Jessica Jordan (JJ)
- [ ] Kenneth Larsen (KL)
- [x] Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests
- [] Your name here (INITIALS)

## Weekly review

### Review action items (weekly)
See: [Action items board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/47)

### Review Initiatives board (every other week)
See: [Initiatives board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/19)

### Review PR queue
See: [tracking sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sPyN9z9wZMpTNwqCfa6R9QSPZkIW4iQd-H4gZC7ILLk/edit#gid=2035777454)

## Topics

### continuation of ember-welcome-page talk (RM, 10m)
Some concerns were raised about removing the production asset filter, and rwj suggested the idea of generating the component in-repo. We briefly discussed that idea in a previous call, and I want to dig in a bit more.
We should also discuss `ember destroy ember-welcome-page` as a potential means for removing traces of the package? Especially relevant for the in-repo component option.

TODO: add instructions for removing the addon itself. 
TODO: update content to be more explicitly relevant to the current new Ember app experience

Should the `ember-welcome-page` be an in-repo component for new Ember apps? Should this be an RFC?
Meta issue here: what should someone's first experience be like when creating an Ember app? An RFC could be a good way to get feedback from folks who teach Ember to others. 

Who wants to champion this issue? 

### Disqus comments don't seem to be working on the blog (CM, 10m)

It seems like we broke something on the Disqus comments system without noticing. Surely https://blog.emberjs.com/2018/02/14/ember-3-0-released.html should have some comments right? 

a) should we fix it
b) who knows what's wrong?

We can still access the comments but they are not showing up on the blog posts. 
The Discourse comments are showing up. Likely will need to hunt down the change that changed Disqus to Discourse. 
If we're not able to have both, we should stick with Discourse (moderation is better). What about an archive on the new implementation? If we can export the comments we can include them as read-only and not even include Disqus at all (no objection).


## Ember Times suggestions
Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?
Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
