# June 4, 2020

Facilitator & Note Taker: 

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Amy Lam (AL)
- [x] Ricard Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Jessica Jordan (JJ)
- [x] Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Kenneth Larsen (KL)
- [x] Robert Wagner (RW)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Isaac Lee (IL)

### Guests

- [x] Chris Krycho (CK)
- [x] Alex (https://github.com/void-mAlex)

## Weekly Agenda (20mins)

- [ ] Review action items (update weekly)
- [ ] Review [Initiatives Board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/33) (every second week)
- [ ] How is our PR queue doing? How many older than a week? [Tracking sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sPyN9z9wZMpTNwqCfa6R9QSPZkIW4iQd-H4gZC7ILLk/edit#gid=2035777454)
- [ ] Review new RFCs/[RFC Tracking](https://github.com/emberjs/rfc-tracking)
- [ ] Any suggestions for the Ember Times? Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Topics

If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format:

```markdown
### Topic goes here (your initials - 00mins)

description of topic goes here
```

### replacing `ember-ref-modifier` (@chriskrycho  - CK)

One of the advanced examples in the guides, [Communicating Between Elements in
a Component][example], uses `ember-ref-modifier` to show how to implement some
custom functionality. This example dates to a time before the existence of
`ember-modifier`, and was reasonable to include at the time. However, today the
example can be implemented much more cleanly using a class-based modifier from
`ember-modifier`. Just as importantly, using `ref` has significant performance
implications that are *not* obvious: it requires two rendering passes. I’ve had
to wave people off of using `ref` a couple times already in our app as we adopt
Octane, because it’s officially recommended in the Guides, which we point people
to as our *first* source of truth for how to write Octane. I suggest we remove
it in favor of another example using one of the `ember-modifier` variants.

[example]: https://guides.emberjs.com/release/components/template-lifecycle-dom-and-modifiers/#toc_communicating-between-elements-in-a-component
- Echoed by @rwjblue

- Alternate suggestion by @jrjohnson, CK has comments on this will mention at the meeting: https://github.com/emberjs/core-notes/pull/306#issuecomment-632801292
- Aside from @lifeart: https://github.com/emberjs/core-notes/pull/306#issuecomment-633190688

JW's summary: What has changed since initial guides writeup? `ember-modifier` is now able to be used to fill this need. Clearer and without perf issues. CK has an example to offer. Also an opportunity to show more of the Octane mental model for modifiers/one way data flow.

RM: more work is going into ember modifiers
JW: What are the acceptance criteria for a PR?
CK: Covers the same problem domain. Needs to articulate why doing things this way is valuable (as opposed to did-render). Be complementary to existing ref-modifier work instead of making comparisons.
MS: Would like to see this not get held up on tiny details. Followup PRs can fix small things. If this is important to how our community thinks about Ember, we should add it in quickly.
RM: Could have 2 PRs - one for the code sample and 1 for the rationale. The existing article is mostly code samples.
JW: Would we remove the ref to ember-ref-modifiers?
RM: Yes
JW: Whenever we can, we show the native Ember features and so now that we have those patterns, we should use them
CK: Will help will PRs and will give the shout-out for ember-ref-modifiers during the work
RM: a lot of people all worked together and then converged on the solution!

### Ember times ideas
MS: The ember-modifiers content above could be great to cover, guiding people from older patterns and to the new way

### Ember CLI API docs (from @mehulkar, who may or may not attend - 10mins)

I want to get an update on getting API docs on `https://api.emberjs.com/ember-cli`
and redirecting `ember-cli.com/api`. As embroider approaches and the larger
JS community experiments with JS development (e.g. Snowpack), it is
important for the Ember project to _enable_ its community to experiment also.
Moving the API docs to the main site will make it easier to improve
documentation, add examples, and propose API improvements that can
enable such experimentation.

### Future plans for Ember Octane vs. Classic Cheat Sheet (@ijlee2, 5-10 min)

The project is now an Octane app. What further developments would we like to see happen?

I would like to work on updating CI (upgrade workflow actions to `v2` + introduce Percy) and look into if we need more tests to help contributors feel confident in making changes.

Luke Melia provided suggestions for additional topics in two issues: ([#36](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-octane-vs-classic-cheat-sheet/issues/36) and [#37](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-octane-vs-classic-cheat-sheet/issues/37)). Would these topics be a good addition to the cheat sheet?

- RM: these seem to be more specific, so we could give a hint
- JW: who else do we need to ask for feedback?
- RM: If we show the hint, we could also improve the README for the addons
- IL: We could make this a separate route for "advanced topics"
- CM: Things like PRs from forks won't run Percy if we use GH Actions

Action item - ask FW team for feedback. Yes we want to include something on these topics. We should go ahead and update CI and test if Percy can work with forks (use  dummy GH account). Try it and see what happens.

### Titles  in "Octane Upgrade Guide" (RM, 10min)
- https://guides.emberjs.com/release/upgrading/current-edition/
>  The titles are named after the target API instead of the thing you want to upgrade from, which makes finding relevant information tricky.

- RM: Could change heading and change links, could use text title that's different from links, could do redirects, could add keywords
- JG: Could put both from and to in the title
- MS: Should have the from and to in the main article prose

Action items: RM will write up issues

## Any Questions?
Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
