# Month Day, Year

Facilitator & Note Taker: Melanie Sumner

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team
- [ ] Amy Lam (AL)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Isaac Lee (IL)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Jessica Jordan (JJ)
- [ ] Kenneth Larsen (KL)
- [x] Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [x] Ricard Mendes (RM)
- [x] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests
- [] Your name here (INITIALS)

## Weekly review

### Review action items (weekly)
See: [Action items board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/47)

### Review Initiatives board (every other week)
See: [Initiatives board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/19)

### Review PR queue
See: [tracking sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sPyN9z9wZMpTNwqCfa6R9QSPZkIW4iQd-H4gZC7ILLk/edit#gid=2035777454)

## Topics

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

### move to deprecate dockerized-ember (CM, 2mins)

https://github.com/ember-learn/dockerized-ember is not being used any more for the website development and I think we should deprecated it

No objections

We should celebrate that we don't need this anymore- we started using dockerized-ember because folks were having such a hard time contributing and they aren't anymore.

### Release dates in the website (JW, 15mins)

There was a long discussion about the release pages being consistantly wrong on Discord, we should discuss it in the meeting :+1:

- the dates on the website are more accurate for ember-source but not really the other parts, which is confusing with our messaging about the product and releases in general.
- additional aspects of releases
  - ember-data seems to be missing the logistical support to do releases on time- either due to missing beta or lack of having a dedicated release team schedule.
  - ember-cli also only has one person who can do a release which isn't ideal 

Current tension we need to solve: how to balance between the expectation of the users with the reality of releases and when they happen. Ideally we can both deliver on time so businesses can keep to their planned schedules; but as the website maintainers we can think about the content of the site. 

CM has a bot prototype to remind us of release dates - how would we propose this to the other teams for use? 

Maybe we could bring this up at the next all-hands? Start out with what action we took from the learning team perspective and why. 

Actions: 
* Jen will put the graphic back in the PR but without specific dates
* Chris M will put the data together so we can see release schedule vs release blog posts

### Status update on Octane cheatsheet (IL, 5 min)

- [`@bartocc`](https://github.com/bartocc) has been helping out with translation to French. App structure (`/snippets` and `/translations` folders) has been updated to help multiple people work on translation.
- App uses Ember v3.19. Dependencies will continued to be updated now and then.
- Percy was added and takes a snapshot for each locale. I did notice that a recent PR (https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-octane-vs-classic-cheat-sheet/pull/48) that came from a forked repo did not run Percy check. I hope to look at addressing this problem next.

Once we figure this out, let's open it up and do a call for contributors in other languages.

## Ember Times suggestions
Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

* how to use Netlify CMS with Empress Blog - and now there's an addon
* new course on intro to Ember- please audit before including in newsletter (but do include it if it's solid!)
* Balint's new Octane version of his book

## Next Week 

July 2nd - meeting?
Idea: make it an optional/coding & pairing day instead of a meeting
No objections, that's what we'll do.

## Solidarity Statement (CM)

What's the plan? We were going to move it to a banner and then put the content on a separate page. `/community/black-lives-matter` can be the URL. 

In the future it could be useful to have pages that relate to other causes. 

* Action: CM will put in a PR, tag `@melsumner` and `@mixonic` as reviewers.

## Any Questions?
Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
