# July 23, 2020

Facilitator & Note Taker: JW

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team
- [ ] Amy Lam (AL)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [ ] Isaac Lee (IL)
- [ ] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Jessica Jordan (JJ)
- [ ] Kenneth Larsen (KL)
- [ ] Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests
- [] Your name here (INITIALS)

## Weekly review

### Review action items (weekly)
See: [Action items board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/47)

### Review Initiatives board (every other week)
See: [Initiatives board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/19)

### Review PR queue
See: [tracking sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sPyN9z9wZMpTNwqCfa6R9QSPZkIW4iQd-H4gZC7ILLk/edit#gid=2035777454)

## Topics

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

### 3.20 release

RM:

Ember CLI has not been released. RM is taking care of the release post today.
There is not much in the way of news. `inElement` is now public API.

`inElement` is a helper you can use to put the rendering of a component somewhere else. There was a private `_inElement` and the behavior of the public API is flipped in terms of replace vs append.

This is an ember-wormhole-type feature. Existing addons can build on top of it.

We should see about including this in the Guides.

CM: the semantics of inElement are that it requires an element, and does not accept a string like wormhole does.

RM: It is one week late at the moment. We should open an issue for the Guides.

See https://emberjs.github.io/rfcs/0287-promote-in-element-to-public-api.html for info about inElement.

### Status of the new release tools

RM: The repo is currently private and because it has hard coded server endpoints. Can make it public once we have proper env vars.

The current code only covers minor releases. When there's a 4.0, we'd have some work to do. It is possible that it could be this year, and if so, we'd need to start getting ready. Stay tuned for more details.

### EmberFest Remote Contributor's Workshop (CM, 10m) 

There is nothing that is strictly needed form the Learning team at this point but simplabs is planning to organise a contributor workshop when EmberFest was supposed to happen. This is part of Richardo and Chris' 20% time

CM: will reach out to mentors for it. Want to have at least 1 person per area of interest (guides, CLI, etc). Max attendees of 40, since it is remote. Maybe 7-10 mentors. Scheduled for October 16th.

### Release reminder bot (CM, 5 mins) 

This is just to let the team know that the "Release Reminder Bot" is now ready to go (in my opinion). We even have some tests for common actions and notifications so it makes it much easier to develop (rather than releasing and testing in production through Discord).

It has testing, consideration of timezones, etc. CM checked in with Katie Gengler. Will also check in with Melanie. We are at least at the point of testing.

RM: could we use it to ping people who are responsible for a release?

CM: I think we want to avoid bugging specific people, more like saying passively "we are waiting for CLI."

RM: If I am mentioned, it is more likely that I will do something about it. I can understand the blameless approach.

CM: My thought on this is that we could mention people, still, via regular Discord comments.

JW: I would like automated personal pings to be opt-in only.

RM: we should give it a go as-is, check it out for a couple releases, and work on the feature and suggest it as an improvement.

CM: I would also like to implement it after release. I don't want it to start with the X days late reminders.

RM: Does it warn the week before?

CM: Will check what it is. If we are ok with going ahead with this, I'll put it in Ember Learning.

RM: Food for thought - Katie said something about staggered releases, and this is something to keep in mind if we implement pings and timeframes. Might have to adjust phrasing for x days late. Should follow train model with who to ping, if we do that.

Conclusion: will move the PR into ember-learn. Will check in with Melanie and then add it to Discord. It will not have any @ of specific people, but rather we will gather feedback and offer opt-in if it's something people want.

## Ember Times suggestions
Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

- inElement could be nice after release!

## Any Questions?
Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
