# January 9, 2023

Facilitator & Note Taker: AG

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [ ] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [ ] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
- [x] Chris Ng (CN)
- [x] Anne-Greeth Schot-van Herwijnen (AG)

### Guests

- [] Your name here (INITIALS)

## Weekly review

[Open pull requests](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/pull-requests)

## Topics

### Restructure the notes folder

AG suggests to group the folders by year, because the list is getting long.
JG does not know if there are things linking to this that might break, but thinks it's a good idea.
CN does also agree

### Release week

We've not discussed who does it, and we don't know if RM is available to help. JW helped out last time.
AG will do the release, JG will share the experience. 
JG suggests to make the release process more collaborative (how to do it now), especially when debugging problems/fixing things locally.
AG will make sure to sync information back to the group/documentation.
JW mostly the API docs are a problem, and sometimes the search index. With RM not around as much, and the release-tool needs some maintainance, so we might want to look into running the individual scripts.
Call scheduled 12:30 EST to do the release together.

### Deprecations

JW has been going to the framework meetings and the topic about deprecations, mismatched between deprecations and source, and missing guides. Katie is going through it. If you see deprecation-PR pop up review it and merge it if it looks okay.

PRs need to be approved and checked for the version and if the deprecation actually landed in the version before we merge them.

The versions being in URLs for the deprecations made it confusing in the guides. JW did not really understand it, we might need some more clarification. 

Framework team wants to put all the deprecation documentation in the codebase and have us pull it from there. Something for our long term ideas.

AG: There is a broken link, with a PR to fix it but how do we handle the previous versions?
JW: We have a script for this if it's a big thing: https://github.com/ember-learn/guides-source/blob/master/scripts/update-version-links

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
