# 14th May 2020

Zoom: https://linkedin.zoom.us/j/94137386249


Facilitator & Note Taker: Melanie Sumner

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Amy Lam (AL)
- [x] Ricard Mendes (RM)
- [x] Jessica Jordan (JJ)
- [x] Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [ ] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Kenneth Larsen (KL)
- [x] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests
- alexeykostevich
- jared

## Weekly Agenda (20mins)

- [ ] Review action items (update weekly)
- [ ] Review [Initiatives Board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/33) (every second week)
- [ ] How is our PR queue doing? How many older than a week? [Tracking sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sPyN9z9wZMpTNwqCfa6R9QSPZkIW4iQd-H4gZC7ILLk/edit#gid=2035777454)
- [ ] Review new RFCs/[RFC Tracking](https://github.com/emberjs/rfc-tracking)
- [ ] Any suggestions for the Ember Times? Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Topics

If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format:

```markdown
### Topic goes here (your initials - 00mins)

description of topic goes here
```

### Ember Twiddle Documentation (GM - 5mins)

This came up in "any other questions" last week. Gaurav mentioned that he wanted some help documenting Ember Twiddle and would like some guidance on the best way to organize the project.

We will discuss more when he's back, not sure we understand the ask fully & Gaurav is working on API Docs.

Do we have questions to ask folks when they want support from the learning team? Not that we're aware of, but maybe we can add an issue template. 

### Ember Engines Docs Styleguide (RM - 5mins)

Locks mentioned something about Ember Engines documentation wanting to use ember-styleguide for docs and we said we would discuss.

Jen mentioned that she was going to take a look over the weekend and see if it was feasible to use the styleguide with a project that uses ember-cli-addon-docs. 

It is aligned with the overall goal to use ember-styleguide with the ember engines website but we should look at moving away from ember-cli-addon-docs- the styles conflict too easily and it's not good for SEO. 

Additional issue: they changed the URLS from `/guides` to `/docs`. It changed w/o proper re-directs and that breaks links, also our own resources were broken by this change. 

How do we prevent this in the future?

What should we do about ember-cli-addon-docs? Should we deprecate it? Is it an official "learning team" project?

Fastboot, ember-engines & glimmer are considered official projects, and as such the learning team is technically responsible for the documentation. But the learning team doesn't have enough people so we haven't technically taken responsibility for it.  Should we move these to guidemaker and find maintainers? 

Seems good because all of the docs across the ecosystem have been rather disjointed and inconsistent, and this would be a good opportunity to fix that. But someone who knows the products needs to help with the docs because we're not setting ourselves up for success if we take on docs for products we don't use/know.

How do we level up the learning team's knowledgebase?

### Execution Challenges
- moving from ember-cli-addon-docs to guidemaker
- finding folks to do the work
- additional maintenance

### Minimal Viable Guidance
- indicate in the documentation for projects how the docs should be maintained for consistency
- recommend use of fieldguide (there are some steps that would need to be completed first before recommending)
- need a migration path & documentation on empress.dev to move that forward 

### subdomains
- fastboot.emberjs.com
- engines.emberjs.com
- glimmer.emberjs.com

Who can look into this and find out where they are deployed? 
Perhaps this should wait until the current website project is finished. 

Perhaps we can consider emberjs.com/fastboot being the marketing/landing page, and fastboot.emberjs.com being the guides (etc). Also let's look at doing this in phases, do fastboot, then engines, then glimmer (glimmerVM, glimmer.js, and "glimmerX").

No objections, we can consider this our plan. 

## Missing docs
Alexey has started to make notes on what seems to be missing on the website/in the docs; seems like some resource links are missing (and it's good content!). 
We were conservative with emberjs.com/learn links because we didn't want the links to be outdated. 
Do we want to start being less conservative and link to more resources? A markdown file is easy to PR and change.
Links to resources should indicate what version they are written for. 

No objections raised to increasing the resources listed on the `/learn` page.

### Action steps
- [ ] UI/Infra to add more content to the learn page (think about content, markdown files etc)
- [ ] template for content PR should make it clear what is expected

## Any Questions?
- switched zoom link to be more permanent (it'll always be available and is set to never expire)
- update for blog redesign is coming along! 


Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
