# Month Day, Year

Facilitator & Note Taker: 

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [ ] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
- [ ] Chris Ng (CN)
- [x] Anne-Greeth Schot-van Herwijnen (AG)

### Guests

- [] Your name here (INITIALS)

## Weekly review

[Open pull requests](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/pull-requests)

## Topics

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

### Times and Twitter (JG)
AG: Did the EmberJS twitter log out/moved to something else?
JG: EmberJS tweeted last December 2nd. Might be worth asking Leah, or somebody.
AG: We can ask in the core-meta channel, to see what the general consensus is.
JW: We should ask ourselves for all of our media, what serves our users better. Idealy, we should find one other outlet that is not Twitter. When using a platform, we should consider if it's going against the Ember-values. Do we want/need to make a stand here?
AG: I've not left Twitter yet.
JG: We were reposting to dev.to, but we've not been doing that for a while now. We could pick that back up. If I publish tonight, would I publish to all the places we usually do?
JW and AG feel both that you can still post to Twitter.
**our suggestion**: Do both :) If time resources allow.
JW: We could check the engagement on Twitter to see if this changed. Most people read the Times probably because they get it in their mailbox, finding out the Times exsists could be because of Twitter.

### Framework team & Learning team collaboration (JW)
JW will be trying to go to the framework core team meetings more regularly. JW can invite one guest at a time if notified before hand. Let JW know if you want to join, and what topics might be interesting to you. Having us along makes less of a single point of failure with the connection to the team. 
JG: Is there an acute reason for this to come up now? 
JW: As far as I'm aware not. Yehuda came directly to me about the documentation of helpers, so the process works and they've found us now again.

### Last weeks challenges (JW)
- What went well: 
    - The guides were release correctly with the tool.
    - JW helping with the debugging and sharing the knowledge about the API documentation
- Improve
    - `shouldPublish` alias should be set for the API documentation
    - clear script `publish docs by hand`
    - the tool could not exit after it's done building
    - get clear insights into the people who are back up when somebody is doing a release
- Out-there ideas
    - AG suggests to do a mini hackathon during Christmas and new years. JW is in :) AG will create a doodle to pick a time and date.
        - Debugging playbook
        - Critically look at the steps
    - JG -> it might be interesting to look into something like staging for the build tool, the process etc. It's currently daunting to work on it, because it's all to production. JW: this is coming when we move all the things to GitHub.

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
