# October 15, 2020

Facilitator & Note Taker: 

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team
- [ ] Amy Lam (AL)
- [ ] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Isaac Lee (IL)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Jessica Jordan (JJ)
- [ ] Kenneth Larsen (KL)
- [ ] Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests
- [] Your name here (INITIALS)

## Weekly review

### Review action items (weekly)
See: [Action items board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/47)

### Review Initiatives board (every other week)
See: [Initiatives board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/33)

### Review PR queue
See: [tracking sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sPyN9z9wZMpTNwqCfa6R9QSPZkIW4iQd-H4gZC7ILLk/edit#gid=2035777454)

## Topics

### Using the ember-styleguide for the WIP upgrade guide (IL)

IL will reach out to the website team to see if there are any details to consider before making hacktoberfest issues to use more of the new components in that app.

### Changes for the API docs pipeline (JW, 15-20 mins)

JW - I am working on the following:

- Download all existing API docs from S3 (done)
- Put them in a GitHub Repo (done)
- Write an action that pushes changed/added files to S3 test bucket automatically on merge to `main` (done, thanks to Godfrey for the help!)
- Modify the API docs script to build one version at a time, based on a local copy of the git repo that has the json files (WIP)

The manual steps (before automation) would be:
- clone Ember and Ember Data repos
- clone the ember-jsonapi-docs repo and the built json docs repo locally
- Run the script
- Commit the changes to the json repo and open a PR
- Merge the PR. Changes automatically go to S3. The new version shows up on the website.

Benefits:
- Much, much, much faster
- Can be automated to run in CI
- We keep a history of changes
- Data is backed up in a place we control
- No humans need AWS keys
- Community contributors could run most of the releases
- You can always see what's happening
- We can QA a release more easily before it is published
- API docs generator becomes simpler!

Drawbacks:
- Duplication of data between S3 and GitHub (GH becomes the source of truth, so maybe not a drawback)
- Does not solve that the repo grows with every release

Questions:
- What happens with the search indexing? The indexer looks at S3 so it would keep working as it does now
- Could the index get the data from GitHub instead? Possibly!
- Are there any known vulnerabilities with GH Actions and keys? Look up Pull Request Target. Need to make sure that if someone forks the repo, they cannot run the Action with its keys.

### Hacktoberfest check-in (JW, 5 mins)

Low attendance for the pairing sessions, but it was really fun and we should do it again for ourselves, at the very least.

### Contributor Workshop check-in (locks)

General issue triage & writing would be great! Share them in the workshop
mentors channel or the learning channel.

IL - does the server need to be boosted? For better audio quality and streaming.
It looks like it was not at level 1 yet.

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- replace with topic -->
<!-- replace with topic -->
<!-- replace with topic -->
<!-- replace with topic -->
<!-- replace with topic -->

## Ember Times suggestions
Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?
Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
