# October 22, 2020

Facilitator & Note Taker: Mel Sumner

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team
- [ ] Amy Lam (AL) (out until after Nov)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Isaac Lee (IL)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Jessica Jordan (JJ)
- [ ] Kenneth Larsen (KL)
- [x] Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests
- [] Your name here (INITIALS)

## Weekly review

### Review action items (weekly)
See: [Action items board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/47)

### Review Initiatives board (every other week)
See: [Initiatives board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/33)

### Review PR queue
See: [tracking sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sPyN9z9wZMpTNwqCfa6R9QSPZkIW4iQd-H4gZC7ILLk/edit#gid=2035777454)

## Topics

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

### Deprecation of loc (localization) from (at)ember/string

PR: https://github.com/ember-learn/deprecation-app/pull/688
I'm working on shipping the [`@ember/string`](https://emberjs.github.io/rfcs/0236-deprecation-ember-string.html) deprecations piece by piece, with `loc` being the first one.
I'd like a review with the intention of getting the first version published so I can refer to it from the implementation.

Outcome: asked for a small change but otherwise fine. 

### Ember language server...fork(?) (CM, 5m)

This topic isn't really to go in detail on the Ember language server, it's more about getting an update about what the current situation is and what we think a future plan might look like.

I would also like to know if we think this is a remit of the Ember Learning Team 

Notes: 
- Unstable Ember Language Server is a fork of Ember Language Server
- Need [ELS](https://github.com/ember-tooling/ember-language-server) to be updated
- both will exist now (irreconcilible differences and also do different things)
- RM: ELS is in a state of disrepair and needs to at least get back to functional
- Action: RM will talk with CK and RJ to see what needs to be done; MS will discuss with Steering; IL will discuss with maintainer
- Outcome: it's not the Learning Team's responsibility but we have an interest in this issue being resolved, because it does impact how users learn Ember. 

### Contributor's workshop post-mortem (RM, 20m)

Last week Chris and I ran the EmberFest contributor workshop with the help of other mentors.
I'd like to discuss how the event went, how some decision panned out, and what I think can be improved.

Notes:
- used a separate Discord server; felt like the experience would be more streamlined and not as overwhelming as the main Ember discord server can be
- let's get feedback from all the mentors about how they thought it went (CM will do it)


## Ember Times suggestions
Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?
Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
