# October 29, 2020

Facilitator & Note Taker: 

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team
- [ ] Amy Lam (AL)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Isaac Lee (IL)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Jessica Jordan (JJ)
- [x] Kenneth Larsen (KL)
- [ ] Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests
- [] nickschot

## Weekly review

### Review action items (weekly)
See: [Action items board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/47)

- JW - API docs on GitHub is moving along well! Working on GH Actions
- JW - there is just one page left to merge before we can redirect the old
cli guides app totally
- CM - the redesign group is assessing readiness to ship the new blog app.
If someone wants to review today, ask CM. Otherwise wait for open review/QA
invitation.

### Review Initiatives board (every other week)
See: [Initiatives board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/33)

### Review PR queue
See: [tracking sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sPyN9z9wZMpTNwqCfa6R9QSPZkIW4iQd-H4gZC7ILLk/edit#gid=2035777454)

## Topics

### Follow-up to Ember Language Server (ELS) discussion (IL, 15 min)

On October 28, I met with Aleksandr (`@lifeart` on Discord), the main maintainer of Unstable ELS, to address possible concerns and discuss a possible path for the future. Let's catch up and discuss how we can help with logistics.

lifeart will help support us in either merging projects or promoting the
Unstable server to be the main VSCode extension.

Would be good to have some more people involved in the project.
It would be good to create a group of people who support the project.
Onboarding docs or tutorials would be helpful.
Tobias gave a talk at EmberFest on it. Might be helpful to have something
more specific.

RM - The language server protocol is much less than you might think.
There are some patterns to follow but most of the things you need to know
to contribute are specific to the repo.

JW - maybe a video/screenshare of walking through the project would be helpful.

RM - update - The Ember Language Server is moved from ember.js to ember-tooling
namespace.

JW - is there a channel for this?

RM/CM - `ember-tooling` and `ember-code-editor`

IL and RM can offer support but not hands-on coding.

### Refresh design of Ember Super Rentals (CM, 7 mins) 

Do we want to accept an offer to refresh the design of the Super Rentals? Should it be using the new design language of the Ember websites or is it more of an independent project?

There is the possibility of having a volunteer designer.

RM - sounds like a good idea. Would make it look its own thing. It's not part
of the mental idea of Ember resources. Also open to changing it more than
CSS. Willing to help out with this, both with design & implementation.

CM - if it's just CSS, we have a better chance of getting it in.
Changes beyond that would require a lot of the tutorial to change.

IL - good to refresh this and limit the scope to the CSS. It is nice UX
that the reader just needs to download a CSS file.

JW - needs careful attention to accessibility - color contrast and ok
for people who are colorblind. Design should consider what the screenshots
will look like in context of the new design updates. I'm not concerned about
it looking good in the current "old" style. Agree that it should be CSS-only
(no changes to markup)

IL - when should we talk about this again?

CM - not sure, currently just an idea/offer. Do we want a feedback process?

JW - I would like to see a mockup and our only determination should be 
"is this an improvement? Is it accessible?" If yes, move forward and details are
designer/implementer choice.

### Consensus on adding upgrade.emberjs.com subdomain (CM, 2 mins)

I seem to remember that we have already agreed to add this subdomain for kenneth's upgrade guide application, I just wanted to get a formal agreement/consensus that we're ok to proceed. Kenneth has already asked in #core-meta and there were no objections.

https://github.com/ember-learn/handbook/pull/45

Action item - approve or request changes on the PR. Want to have formal
consensus on this change.

### Discuss 2 RFCs (RM, 15 min)

These RFCs have some impact on learning team's activities, so we should make sure we're on the same page.

- https://emberjs.github.io/rfcs/0617-rfc-stages.html
- https://emberjs.github.io/rfcs/0649-deprecation-staging.html

#### Stages

What is already happening has names. There are some small changes we need 
to know about as a team:
- RFCs may be updated in followup PRs
- There are more FCPs that we can participate in
- The PR to make it ready for release acts as a tracking PR/Issue. It will have
the list of things that are necessary to do
- After merge, there is a field for release versions that we can fill in/use.
If it's something non-code, we put a date.
- "Release" features are in API docs, and only show up in the guides when
they are "Recommended"

Action items 
- watch repos for new PRs, but especially for the "Ready for release"
PRs.
- Make a PR template for "Ready for Release" that has a checklist

CM - When do we open the "ready for release" PR? When something is accepted, so
that we can start adding to dos, or do we wait for it to be actually ready?

RM - as soon as it is accepted, the "ready for release" PR could be opened
with the checklist.

IL - could be helpful to have a state diagram of the flow, which we can
put in the blog post. The table is tough to read to understand how an
RFC moves through stages. 

RM - stages in the table are sequential

JW - I am starting to categorize things and could use help! Katie is spearheading
implementation and we should stay in touch with the framework team about timing
for the blog post. A table will help.

RM - I can help categorize.

CM - we should have an example. Could do 1 RFC for the purposes of the blog
post, and then do the big PR that updates lots of statuses.

RM - we blog about features when they are recommended. We should do the blog
post once we are actually doing the stages.

CM - like the idea of following the staging rfc rules for staging

CM - after we have the redesign done, we can start using this data in the
RFC site!

#### Deprecation staging

Next week

## Ember Times suggestions
Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?
Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
