# February 19, 2021

## Agenda

- (public) FCP → merge
    - [Deprecate Auto Location](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/711) (RJ)
- (public) (**5 min**) → FCP [Add `eslint-plugin-qunit` to ember-cli blueprint](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/702) (RJ)
- (public) (5 min) → FCP `[@cached` decorator](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/566) (RJ / CG)

## Attendees

- [x]  Yehuda Katz (YK)
- [ ]  Tom Dale (TD)
- [x]  Kris Selden (KS)
- [ ]  Leah Silber (LS)
- [x]  Robert Jackson (RJ)
- [ ]  Igor Terzic (IT)
- [ ]  Matthew Beale (MB)
- [x]  Edward Faulkner (EF)
- [x]  Dan Gebhardt (DG)
- [x]  Godfrey Chan (GC)
- [x]  Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ]  Chad Hietala (CH)
- [x]  Katie Gengler (KG)
- [x]  Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [ ]  Jen Weber (JW)
- [x]  Chris Garrett (CG)

## Action Items

- [ ]  Merge Deprecate Auto Location RFC (RJ)
- [ ]  Move `@cached` into FCP (RJ)

## Minutes

### RFC to Add `eslint-plugin-qunit` to `ember-cli` blueprint

RJ: usually the CLI team would just meet and discuss and move forward. but right now the team doesn't effectively exist so we should discuss here. It's basically just me, Katie and Ed. CLI isn't unsupported, I do the work, but we need folks to discuss the RFC with.

YK: your analysis seems correct, we should probably have a breakout to discuss what's going on though.

RJ: we should move forward with this RFC, anyone opposed?

(no objections)

MS: We should probably update the website and permissions on Discord

RJ: I'll do that analysis

### Cache Decorator

RJ: regarding `@cached` we wanted to beef up the "how we teach this" section and also make it clear that people shouldn't use this willy-nilly. Pzuraq updated this RFC so I think it's ready for FCP.

YK: seems good.

RJ: any concerns?