# August 27, 2020

Facilitator & Note Taker: Melanie Sumner

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team
- [ ] Amy Lam (AL)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [ ] Isaac Lee (IL)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [ ] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Jessica Jordan (JJ)
- [ ] Kenneth Larsen (KL)
- [x] Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests
- [] Nick Schot (NS)

## Weekly review

### Review action items (weekly)
See: [Action items board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/47)

### Review Initiatives board (every other week)
See: [Initiatives board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/19)

### Review PR queue
See: [tracking sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sPyN9z9wZMpTNwqCfa6R9QSPZkIW4iQd-H4gZC7ILLk/edit#gid=2035777454)

## Topics

### Release Bot (CM)

Ok to share Notion doc about release bot to all core teams? 

No objections. 

Chris will share the doc. 

### Ember Component Patterns (MS)

Converting ember-component-patterns from GitBook to repo using FieldGuide. Should this be in the ember-learn or ember-a11y org? 

CM: the URL can help us decide

MS: No idea what the URL would be right now, I guess I could always transfer it between repos if we changed our minds

CM: there are benefits from it being on an emberjs.com subdomain. I think it could be better for the community to be more of an official resource.

RM: "cookbooks" tend to get out of date really quickly, and they are historically difficult to keep updated along with the versions. But I don't have a problem with it ending up as a sub-domain. We could include it in the conversation about the divio documentation, since we have more discussions to have about what we want our documentation to become and this fits in that. 

MS: link: https://documentation.divio.com/

(conversation to recap last week's discussion)

CM: do you expect to version this? 

MS: Probably not, just because it's so much content- it's probably "editioned" 

RM: getting back to divio- our equivalent is the /learn page. We should consider doing the gap analysis between the documentation.divio.com page and the /learn page. 

CM: how prominent is our learn page? 

JG: it's probably worth mentioning that I forgot that the /learn page even exists 

MS: the conversation has been 

### Findable Help (MS)
- https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG22/#findable-help 

[recap of convo from last week](https://github.com/emberjs/core-notes/blob/master/learning-team/2020-08/2020-08-20.md#new-wcag-coming-up-ms-5min)

CM: which one should we do?

MS: it should include an email address, a link to file an issue, and a link to Discord

CM: let's think through "Create an issue" for each repo (conversation)

MS: let's think about this from the perspective of "what's the simplest thing we can do" and make that the MVP. Then we can iterate to something more custom.

IL: also consider that we can transfer issues between repos (just not orgs)

CM: we sort of already have a feature in place that can help with the dynamic bit so it won't be very complex. We should decide what's the default, though. I've already created an issue for this, will include the ideas we've discussed. 

### Ember Times

Going to every-other week for now- it's better to pull back a bit vs trying to push through and risk burning out. 

Thinking long term, let's talk through some ideas: 

1. core team members writing longer-form articles to supplement 
2. specifically recruiting more writers
3. what kind of time frame were we thinking about?
4. what are the specific needs of the Ember Times team/staff that we can help provide support for?

JG: we're thinking at least through November because of Amy's time-specific work. 
IL: working on the onboarding documentation so when we do have more folks join they can get up to speed more quickly
IL: also consider that once the blog revamp is done, we might need to try out the current scraping script to determine if it will still work
RM: if you need any sort of tooling, I can try helping out

### Hacktoberfest 
https://hacktoberfest.digitalocean.com/

We should start to prep for this. 

RM: Chris and I are doing the contributor's workshop for virtual EmberFest so any hacktoberfest pre-work will help us. It could be a good idea to get in touch with the event organizers too, so they can include Ember in their information.

Reminder: there are always spam PRs (so let's just remember that)

MS: let's talk about expectations- what does it look like to do the pre-work for this event? 

RM: we need to go through our repos, triage issues, actionable instructions in issues, link to any on-boarding documentation, improve difficult on-boarding workflows, and write issues with details. 

MS: also let's make sure to use the `help-wanted` label

IL: also maybe a specific `hacktoberfest` label

CM: last year I think we spent some time to look at the help-wanted.emberjs.com app itself to make sure it's good to go. There's a bug now so we should get that fixed sooner rather than later.  

JG: I'd be willing to help, I worked on the app originally.

RM: someone should reach out to the Hacktoberfest organizers to make sure Ember is featured

MS: I'm willing to do that

IL: we should also make sure the community at large knows to prep for Hacktoberfest

RM: let's also think about optics and communicate expectations to addon authors or authors who might be asking for help (folks should be responsive and friendly) (broad agreement)

MS: can we put a blurb in Ember Times? (IL: Yes)

RM & CM will consider registering contrib workshop as official event 

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

## Ember Times suggestions
Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?
Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
