# Month Day, Year

Facilitator & Note Taker: 

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team
- [ ] Amy Lam (AL)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Isaac Lee (IL)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Jessica Jordan (JJ)
- [ ] Kenneth Larsen (KL)
- [ ] Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests
- [] Your name here (INITIALS)

## Weekly review

### Review action items (weekly)
See: [Action items board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/47)

### Review Initiatives board (every other week)
See: [Initiatives board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/19)

### Review PR queue
See: [tracking sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sPyN9z9wZMpTNwqCfa6R9QSPZkIW4iQd-H4gZC7ILLk/edit#gid=2035777454)

## Topics

### Mentorship programme

initiative update: 

- we ran a much smaller version of the mentorship programme for EmberConf
- Not a small amount of work to run it
  - guage interest
  - Chris and Locks are running a contributor workshop soon
  - refocus effort? 
- Should consider starting up the more perminantly remote version 
  - what if there is no EmberConf next year :scream:
  - Chris would like to help organise but is working on his own intiatives right now
  - Jen: whatever amount of work we can put into it will probably pay off


### Reorganizing `Built-In Components` in Ember Guides (IL, 10-15 min)

#### Related links

- https://github.com/ember-learn/guides-source/issues/1485
- https://discuss.emberjs.com/t/ember-octane-and-2-way-binding-what-are-you-recommend/18092
- https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/blob/master/packages/%40ember/-internals/glimmer/lib/templates/input.hbs (used by `<Input>` component)
- https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/blob/master/packages/%40ember/-internals/glimmer/lib/templates/component.hbs (used by `<Textarea>` component)

#### Problems

There are 3 problems that I'd like us to examine:

It wasn't clear to the issuer that event handling for built-in `<Input>` component needs to be different for checkbox and non-checkbox inputs (camel-cased versus dasherized). Since the underlying implementation for these inputs is different, we could have separate sub-subsections for checkbox and non-checkbox inputs.

Our checkbox examples show first and last names (not the best example of a binary/ternary attribute). They will need to be updated to help address https://github.com/ember-learn/guides-source/issues/1480.

I don't think we currently document how to use the `{{on}}` modifier for native inputs? It'd be good to have a subsection for native inputs for people who want to practice one-way data flow and who want to use `fillIn` test helper to test native inputs.

#### Proposed todos:

- Rename the section from `Built-In Components` to `Input Components`
- Reorganize the section to:
  ```
  Input Components
  │
  ├── Native Inputs
  │
  └── Built-In Inputs
      │
      ├── Non-Checkbox Input
      │
      ├── Checkbox Input
      │
      └── Textarea
  ```
- Check that the event names are correct for the built-in non-checkbox and checkbox input components

#### Notes

- CM: is this possible to be fixed? 
  - IL looking at the source code it seems like this can't be fixed easily
- RM: documenting native inputs
  - part of the problems are because native inputs have "internal state" (e.g. checkbox checked state)
  - `<Input />` is not a component, it's a macro
  - some of them you need to use `(fn )`
  - some legacy strangeness (auto dasherized? auto camelcased?)
- IL: we should put "Zoey says" to warn people of the issues
- CM: can we just always use `(fn )`
  - RM: I don't agree we should do this, it's bad practice
- Is there not a case to just remove these components?
  - Octane is all about making Ember more "javascript"
- RM: at the moment there is no ergonomic way to replace the `<Input />` component
  - there is a RFC proposal (and addon?) from Chris Garret that are looking into improving this
- IL: let's not make fixing the root problem a blocker to fix the docs
  - All agreed :tada: 

### Moving the old CLI website under ember-learn org?

JW/CM: We are continuing work to make it possible to do incremental redirects for the ember-cli.com website over to cli.emberjs.com. As part of that, we want to set up a netlify deployment. It's easiest if we move the repo from the ember-cli org to ember-learn, if both teams agree. The plan is...

#### Notes

- we're working on the redirects for ember-cli.com to cli.emberjs.com
- it will be a lot easier if we move the [old website](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli.github.io) under the [learning team org](https://github.com/ember-learn)
- we are already the caretaker of cli.emberjs.com so this would make sense (and make it much easier for us to manage)
- next steps: 
  - post in core learning channel to see that everyone is ok with the plan
  - ask the cli team to see that they are ok with this
- RM: what does this do to the api docs for cli? ember-cli.com/api 
  - CM: no change!! we will set up redirects for other parts of the ember-cli.com site but **not** change the api docs yet
  

## Ember Times suggestions
Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?
Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
