# Sept 04, 2020

## Agenda

- (public) (10m) Timing of IE11 changes to repo (YK)
- (public) (10m) Strict mode plan (YK/CG)
- (public) (probably a long time) [https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/issues/19115](https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/issues/19115) (MS/RJ)
- (public) (**5 min**) Any feedback on stages RFC? (KG)

## Attendees

- [ ]  Chad Hietala (CH)
- [ ]  Chris Garrett (CG)
- [x]  Dan Gebhardt (DG)
- [x]  Edward Faulkner (EF)
- [x]  Godfrey Chan (GC)
- [x]  Igor Terzic (IT)
- [x]  Katie Gengler (KG)
- [x]  Kris Selden (KS)
- [x]  Matthew Beale (MB)
- [x]  Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [ ]  Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [x]  Robert Jackson (RJ)
- [ ]  Tom Dale (TD)
- [x]  Yehuda Katz (YK)

## Action Items

- Add 4.0 to the next F2F agenda.

## Minutes/Notes

- discussed changes necessary to drop support for IE11, and when those changes would need to be in by, if we wanted to ship it for Ember 4.0. Decided to add to add this to the F2F agenda as its own topic. Reminded ourselves that we want to avoid the rushing between 1.13 and 2.0 that caused issues. Some conversation about what deprecations we want to include in 4.0, but really focused on remembering that with the train release model, we'll ship whatever is ready. We want to get IE11 dropped *soon* though, especially since we want to be able to use features like object spreading in Glimmer. We also do have a lot of things that no one uses and need to be deprecated. 
- Yehuda and Pzuraq have been working on the next steps necessary to make strict mode possible. Yehuda is working on the output compiler and Pzuraq is working on the output compiler and they have a list of all the todos. Coordinating with the handlebars core team on some things. List of unknown unknowns is pretty small. Discussed 10k ft view and Yehuda gave a broad summary. Will discuss more details in the Glimmer VM meeting. 
- discussed the issue where Ember wasn't handling native select elements correctly. Reviewed the reproduction and how we discovered that it's a Firefox issue, but that we could update Ember a little bit to adapt for the edge case in Firefox. Discussed that Ember inserts things as we go, vs JS that adds everything at the end. There's a DOM tree-builder algo that we have to approximate. Selectedindex has an issue where we have to force the selection to resolve. Discussed attrs vs props and how they're handled by the browser. Discussed an interim step, like make initial render always use attributes. Decided to pair later and work on the issue.
