# September 10, 2015

## Attendees

* MKN - Michael
* LS - Leah
* YK - Yehuda
* RM - Locks / Roberto

**MKN**: My staff member who was wanting to help should hopefully get started tomorrow. She wanted to take the first crack of the tutorial; routing, templates, building out some of the basic features. The homepage, listings, etc. The first parts of the outline that Lauren started and Locks and MKN worked on. We should have the beginning of a tutorial by next week. Her name is **Kelly**.

**MKN**: The top-to-bottom review of the guides is coming along. Mostly it’s been MKN with some help from MattW59 (he helped with the Ember Inspector, adding good polish). The big outstanding things are reviewing the components section, making the changes to the models section, and services, which mostly just needs another thing written about dependency injection and service lookup, and initializers.

**RM**: We’re not going to talk about initializers.
**MKN**: Okay, then it’s just dependency injection and service lookup.
**RM**: We do need to document it somewhere. TBD.
**MKN**: Is there an issue to document initializers?
**RM**: I don’t think so, I’m not sure what the state is. I just discussed this possibility in the Guides.
**MKN**: Can you take the lead on figuring that out and opening an issue wherever it’s appropriate?
**RM**: Will do. I’ll report back at next Thursday’s meeting.
**MKN**: I’ll assign the Dependency Injection one to you and remove the Help Wanted label.

**MKN**: Really that leaves Models. **Igor** said he was going to put together an outline but I haven’t heard from him this week about it. **BMac** said he thinks **Igor** is still working on it. **BMac** is also going to start on some parts of the guides where he have ideas and him and **Igor** are going to communicate and keep each other informed.
**RM**: **Igor** had ideas about how to best approach the current subjects. He was thinking about restructuring it a bit, maybe in a Q&A fashion. He didn’t want to commit to the idea yet though, and instead let it evolve a bit once he worked on it. Let’s try and get whatever ideas he has from him because we need to keep moving.
**RM**: It should’ve been done two versions ago. We need someone from Core to help put on the pressure at least so we can get what we need from **Igor** (he had a good outline for getting started) so we can make progress.

**MKN** **LS** and **RM** will bug **Igor** until they get it. LS will try and rope **YK** into helping if need be.

**RM**: If no one is re-writing the whole of the models section, we need to at least update the REST adapter to the JSON API adapter. At least those references really need to get updated. I haven’t done it yet because it was going to be rewritten, but it hasn’t yet, so we should get that done ASAP.

**MKN**: **Trek** was supposed to review the Testing section. Mixonic was supposed to review the Clojure Action stuff. Haven’t seen anything on either of those yet.

**MKN**: Nothing’s happen on Root URL vs Base URL yet.
**RM**: That’s a really good one. Someone last meeting was willing to take care of it—we discussed that it should be someone in EmberCLI, but not who specifically. Let’s ping the channel and maybe figure it out.

**RM**: Been looking at the new design files for the website. I’ve got RubyConf and RailsGirls coming up, so probably not going to happen until end of next week but I can potentially finish by then.
**MKN**: We shouldn't merge the new design until the main website is ready.
**LS**: If we update the guides design, it could help drive updating the main website.
**MKN**: Given finite resources, updating design is not a high priority.

*YK joins*

**YK**: What did I miss?
**MKN**: Mainly just that we might have a models emergency - if **Bmac** doesn't come through, there is nobody to do it. 2.1 is due in 3 weeks, which means we are supposed to have the Guides done in 1 week.
**YK**: If nobody else does it, there are people including me who can do it.
**MKN**: I will ask **Bmac** to commit to finishing by Friday. If he can't, I'll tell **YK**.
