# Month Day, Year

Facilitator & Note Taker: JW

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [X] Amy Lam (AL)
- [X] Chris Manson (CM)
- [ ] Isaac Lee (IL)
- [X] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [X] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Kenneth Larsen (KL)
- [X] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
- [X] Jessica Jordan

### Guests

- [] Your name here (INITIALS)

## Weekly review

### Review action items (weekly)

See: [Action items board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/47)

### Review Initiatives board (every other week)

See: [Initiatives board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/33)

### Review PR queue

See: [tracking sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sPyN9z9wZMpTNwqCfa6R9QSPZkIW4iQd-H4gZC7ILLk/edit#gid=2035777454)

- Anyone can review https://github.com/ember-learn/guides-source/pull/1663 and 
just make sure that previous reviewer's comments are addressed

## Topics

### Ember Welcome Page confustion (CM, 10m)

**Continue disucssion from last week**

CM is shepherding the conversation about changing the welcome page.

- We think people want to be able to edit the Welcome Component and see it
rerender. Right now, you can't do this
- We have to be careful to not ship bytes to production
- RM: we need to discuss as a team. There are 2 different approaches to take.
We should make an initiative and make a proposal.
- RM: The current way that the welcome page works is that when you generate
an ember app using defaults, you get the ember welcome page component
added on. In application.hbs, you see the welcome component invocation.
There's some CSS that makes it full height/width. If you add content to
application.hbs, it gets wonky. If you build in production mode, like
if you deploy to netlify, it filters out the image and the component files
and you get a blank page. There might be something in the browser console,
but maybe not even that. It's a weird experience. Application.hbs only
has an outlet. It's mandatory that we do not add useless bytes to the
production build. There's a PR that was opened in the past which was
rejected on these grounds. What experience do we want to provide, and
for whom? This is why we need a proposal.
- CM: If we do create an initiative, we should also give others a heads up
so that we don't spend too long chipping away at something that is
unacceptable.
- JW: should we do a survey? Twitter, Ember Times, etc.
- RM: Surveys are tough unless you have very specific questions, because
often people don't know what they want. Also we would be targeting people
who already know Ember, and new people who are our target audience would not be
likely to answer.
- CM: Do we have any way to target that kind of user?
- RM: Kinda impossible
- RM: I have always wanted to inline the content. Having an addon and
showing how they work is useful, but not right when you start.
One idea is to lean even more into the tutorial aspect. Have it be the
beginning of the tutorial. Have even more stuff in the app.
This would imply that the welcome page is turned off by default.
Right now it's also hard to style the welcome page.

Next steps: start drafting a proposal


### Discuss next steps on the initiatives propasls (CM, 10m) 

We started a process of defining our next initiatives but we never really completed it. We should discuss how we intend to proceed.

JW: I can do the next one, for the API Docs GitHubification
RM: We should also be prepared for 4.0
JW: I think we need to do a practice run of some sort
RM: My tool doesn't handle major versions, so we need to do the folder by hand

What we have done so far:
- Presented Marketing Improvements (Why Ember, responding to JS Survey). This can become an initiative.

What's our process for determining when to make some thing an initiative?
Consensus is that if something is presented and there's no objections,
it can become an initiative and work can begin.

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

## Where to document page title, and similar things?

https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/pull/19490/files

- JW: Where should addons docs go when they are part of the default ember
experience?
- RM: Keep in mind that real modules are coming for the ember source
- CM: Is this a problem because bringing in more docs is hard?
- JW: YES
- CM: Is this why we punted on adding cli docs?
- RM: No, there are other reasons.
- RM: It's easy to add one-off files that show up in the API docs
- JW: It's hard to add more libraries to the list
- RM: The challenge is that page title does not come from Ember
- CM: Can it be added to Ember.js?
- RM: Anything that doesn't have to be in ember.js should not go in
ember.js, as a philosophy
- RM: We need to decide what we want, and execute on it. If we want to
document the default experience, maybe we reorder slightly.
In general, in the Ember project, we don't have a concept of a default experience.

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
