# August 4th, 2022

Facilitator & Note Taker: 

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [ ] Chris Manson (CM)
- [ ] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
- [ ] Chris Ng (CN)
- [ ] Anne-Greeth Schot-van Herwijnen (AG)

### Guests

- [x] Chris Krycho (CK)
- [] Your name here (INITIALS)

## Weekly review

[Open pull requests](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/pull-requests)

## Topics

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
- [RFC 830: RFC: Evolving Ember's Major Version Process](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/830): are there issues or challenges that affect this from the Learning Team POV? (CK, 10m)

Upcoming revisions to this RFC - see the RFC for the latest info:

- 3 LTS releases per major
- 4 week minor release cycles, which line up nicely for annual releases
- Broadly choices are to do majors every 18 months (with 6 week minors)
or annually (with 4 week minors)

How does this affect the learning team?

- Shipping 4 week minor releases means more release blog posts etc
- Interested in revising the release blog post format. The release notes
could be a Changelog and then we could publish feature-specific posts.
We need to communicate how to use the new feature, what it's for, etc.

Locks suggests putting upgrade guides in the editions pages

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
