# August 5, 2021

Facilitator & Note Taker: 

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [ ] Amy Lam (AL)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [ ] Isaac Lee (IL)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests

- [x] ankush
- [x] DeipayanDash
- [x] Devashish
- [x] prakash
- [x] rajakvk

## Weekly review

### Review Initiatives board (every other week)

See: [Initiatives board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/51)

### Review PR queue

See: [tracking sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sPyN9z9wZMpTNwqCfa6R9QSPZkIW4iQd-H4gZC7ILLk/edit#gid=2035777454)



## Topics

### Anything to be ready for Ember@4 (JW, 15m)

(continued from last week) Ember 4 is coming, what do we need to do to get ready? 

[Main tracking issue](https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/issues/19545)

[Road to Ember 4](https://blog.emberjs.com/the-road-to-ember-4-0)
> Finally, Ember classic is deprecated in favor of Ember Octane. Although many APIs from Ember classic (like EmberComponent) continue to be available, the optional features and application configuration which define Ember Octane must be enabled in 4.0. See the deprecation guide entry and upgrading to Ember Octane guide for more details.

Is this saying that Classic support is removed? Or just deprecated?

What are the optional features and application configurations being described?

*Should we remove all classic examples from the API docs, wherever we were showing both classic and Octane?*
JW: My opinion is that we should always show all supported methods and classes. The examples we give can follow "best practices"
and do not need to cover all possible uses.
JG: We need to start organizing this work and make sure it doesn't fall through the cracks
JG: The examples might not work at all in Ember 4
JW: If that's the case, we need to remove them ASAP
Ankush: in React docs, they show both functional and class components, and it makes things difficult.
Recommend just showing Octane.

JW - follow up about this statement for Ember classic
JG - Open an epic for tracking removing classic examples from API docs (in emberjs repo)
JG - Make an epic ticket for tracking anywhere in the Guides or other repos that we need to remove usages of removed APIs (see breaking changes list)
Sumit - help with removing classic examples
Ask the community - some volunteers to help do the epic tasks above
JW - open a ticket to retire the Octane upgrade guide and use redirects

*Deprecation guides*
JW - do we want to revert merging the deprecation guide? Can we hide the 4.x button?
JG - Don't we put deprecations in the "upcoming" section usually?
CM - yes, but there was some concern about deprecation workflows
JW - maybe we default to what we have been doing - hide the 4.x and also put the deprecations under "upcoming"
JW - another option is to put some note like "coming soon." The last option is to do nothing.
JG - hard to say what to do without context from past deprecation discussion

Action - post in dev-ember-learning, @locks, and share the ideas we came up with.
Then open issues.

### Embroider compat

Prember and Empress don't work with Embroider. Is there anything we can do here?

Maybe requesting a pairing session with Ed or embroider power users to find
a way forward? Not an urgent issue to fix this but if we can help make
these tools better, that would be great.

Example failure: https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-styleguide/pull/403

Conversation about support of similar tools: https://github.com/ef4/prember/issues/59

### Tutorial CSS RFC

See https://github.com/ember-learn/guides-source/issues/1709

Please share feedback!

### Making sponsor images responsive

Review as a group: https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-website/pull/857

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
