# November 18th, 2021

Facilitator & Note Taker: 

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [ ] Amy Lam (AL)
- [ ] Chris Manson (CM)
- [ ] Isaac Lee (IL)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests

- [x] JennyJudova (JJ)
- [x] kdeo

## Weekly review

### Review Initiatives board (every other week)

See: [Initiatives board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/51)

## Topics

### SEO (JJ)

Presented by Jenny Judova

*Context:*

Every time JJ meets other Ember devs and newbies, the feedback is that the
framework is great but the resources are scarce. If you want to tinker on the
weekend, googling alone is tough, and Ember Discord is quiet and questions
get answered by coworkers. After a time, people DM to get answers.

*Product Questions:*

What is the public discourse of questions? JJ used Stack Overflow APIs and has a list
of 30k questions. What can we do with this info? 30-40% are marked unanswered.

*Conversations:*

- RM: In past evaluations, our % of answered questions was better than other
frameworks. Also many questions with unanswered statuses have been answered
but not marked that way
- JJ: One thing Ember devs might do is go through unanswered questions.
But it's a small group of people doing this work and it's a lot.
Has anyone heard of Women on Wikipedia? A few years ago, some people noticed
there were not significant entries about women in history or they were lacking
content. There was a community sourced list of women in STEM and during
marathon days, people could show up and create an entry. Could do this at
an Ember conference. Lots of devs there and it's a lot of waiting time.
- RM: One challenge is that because Ember solves so many problems, you
need a lot of context in order to answer questions. Compared to libraries like
React. We have the contributor's workshop every year and could use it for that.
- RM: We have a triage channel for Stack Overflow
- JG: Is this data split up in any way?
- JJ: It's a set of CSVs, I'll share both links
- RM: Didn't we used to have a site with unanswered questions? Could make one.
- JW: How do we surface existing good answers, so we don't have to answer
the same questions again and again?
- RM: We used to have the TomBot that answered some common questions

*Ideas*
- Figure out why we want to do things, and then figure out what
- How does Ember's % compare with other frameworks?
- Use unanswered questions in the contributor's workshop. Could analyze
the topics to see what's most frequent and use that for the cookbook and
workshops
- Create a gist that question answerers can link to asking people to cross
post to the forum or SO
- Could have a bot that creates the questions, to make this easier
- Compose some top questions list?
- Discord bot - to suggest answers and also to suggest posting to public,
more searchable places

*Action items*
- JJ will share the CSVs
- Everyone should take a look
- JW will take a look and try to run some analysis
- Come back to this topic in 2 weeks

### The cookbook

- Kdeo: Part of docs and mentorship at LI. We have a lot of these same
questions as the previous topic! And this feeds into the cookbook!
How do we make it easy to contribute?

### Next week

Will do the meeting because of 4.0.

JW will not be here, JG probably can. RM probably can.

### Ember 4

- Ember data release status? Not out yet. CLI will quickly follow.
- Need to remind in meta that we want to have the guides and API docs up before
releasing the blog post
- JW will go to the framework team meeting to get info about the blog post
- The blog post is a huge priority for communicating with our users
- We can also ask people to write blog posts from their own perspectives
after the release is out
- Should start some sort of marking focused post that communicates vision,
as a followup.

Action items:
- Everyone: Review any remaining Docs PRs. These can be in patches.

### Update on 1Password (RM, 10min)

- RM: Reached out to 1Pass to clarify that we meet the license requirements.
We do!

### Tool release

RM is working on this. Working on env var handling. Aim is to deprecate
heroku for env var management and use a password locker instead.

The wiki data bot used to update our wiki page. It has been paused because
it was crashing a lot. We can either fix the bot or have the tool release
update wiki data. The tool is in Python. This means we only do it once per 
minor version. Patch would not be update. But that's better than nothing.

Raja has been doing manual updates.

### New team members

- JG: Is there some way have communicated that we are looking to expand?
- JW: Not broad announcements, but 1:1

Action item:
- Find or make the Notion doc with our ideas

### The Times

- JG will be doing a lot of Times work.
Will seek to reengage people.

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
