# 2019-12-19

Facilitator & Note Taker: Jen Weber 

## Today's Topics

- Octane shipping (JW)
- Times announcement for Octane (JW)
- Contributor's workshop (JW)
- Meeting next week?

## Attendees

- [x]  Chris Manson (CM)
- [ ]  Amy Lam (AL)
- [ ]  Ricard Mendes (RM)
- [x]  Jessica Jordan (JJ)
- [ ]  Sivakumar Kailasam (SK)
- [x]  James Davis (JD)
- [ ]  Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [x]  Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ]  Kenneth Larsen (KL)
- [x]  David Baker (DB)
- [ ]  Robert Wagner (RW)
- [x]  Dan Monroe (DM)

## Action Items

- [ ]  Facilitator to add notes to [core-notes GitHub repo](https://github.com/emberjs/core-notes/)
- [ ]  To-do...
- [ ]  Yehuda Katz will write some prose for a contributing guide to explain some approach decisions
- [ ]  Schedule a post-Octane cleanup party
- [x]  Chris Manson - update Meeting Zone App
- [x]  Ask Amy to make a calendar invite
- [ ]  Add info about mentoring to the contributing guide
- [ ]  Future meeting - discuss next steps for splitting out the tutorial

## Minutes

- Aiming for Thurs the 16th, 15:00 UTC to 17:00 for the Octane Cleanup Party

Octane

- Octane
- After Octane, need to fix Guides Travis tests!

Netlify

- JW - want to fix the guides deploys after Octane
- DB - could we zip the files up and send them? Does that help?
- CM - Want to go back to Netlify doing the build. Need to land the broccoli-static-site-json PR to speed up builds. Allows for caching. Could pull tutorials out of Guides. Have a script to pull out all the versions. Had a conversation with RJ about how we can build more efficiently. Have a plan of action for making a slimmed down prember to help diagnose speed issues. Any one of these will bring us under 15 mins. A reasonable goal would be 5 mins.
- DB - current timeouts are due to uploading many individual files. Is the zip a possible stopgap?
- CM - the problem is in postprocessing reporting, not file upload. Postprocessing takes a long time because the fingerprinting for all files changes. Only need to do one of these changes to get back under 15 mins?
- DB - which of the options gets us there fastest?
- CM - separate tutorials out of the guides
- JW - this only buys us about 1 more release, since we are already over. There are 100+ files per version and 12x14 Tutorials files
- DB - caching seems like it would be fastest. Is that a lot of eng effort?
- CM - could do a static build, drop them into public, and skip building a bunch of the source. This is drastic, but it gives us the ability to do a long rebuild and a massive PR. Low engineering, fixes CDN issues. We can always re-run this build as-needed
- DB - What would happen when we go to rebuild? Would Netlify still time out?
- CM - the Netlify timeout was due to building, not upload or postprocess
- JW - could collapse some of the versions together, possibly, if they are identical, and still show the versions in the dropdown and URL
- DB - public repo option seems worth exploring, possibly more than other options
- CM - benefit is that it is a quick fix, but it is hyper specific to netlify so it should only be a temporary fix
- JW - how does this fit into the context of the DNS problem? It seemed like there were hard objections to moving the DNS to Netlify.
- DB - last issues with 500s were in late July
- CM - the issue then was the query params issue, that was crashing the nodes. So we removed the query params
- JW - would we need to re-run the build for all releases?
- CM - no, we could keep some versions within the normal process, and just build older versions. Then we would only if we had a new version of guidemaker due to a breaking bug, or if we have to update links in older stuff
- DB - this sounds like it would go fairly quickly and other strategies don't matter as much anymore.
- JW - We can choose where to invest time
- CM - how urgent is this?