# April 21, 2022

Facilitator & Note Taker: Jared Galanis

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
- [x] Chris Ng (CN)
- [x] Anne-Greeth (AG)

### Guests

- Many guests, please fill yourself in here if you would like a record of attendance

## Weekly review

## Topics

- Proposed new Learning Core Team meeting time next week (Mondays 11-12pm EST [see conversion](https://everytimezone.com/s/07cd359d))

- JG will be 10 min late to meetings on Mondays if we move to that date
- CM is this EST or EDT? Probably, EDT given that's what the doodle poll was using
- AG we could figure this out later, also are we starting next week or next?
- JW would be good to skip a week, same with JG
- We will try to start 15 min later (11:15 am EDT) to accommodate JG's schedule
- AG to message amy to either change the invite or delete it
- We might be able to use a shared Google calendar (AG already has one)

### TypeScript in the docs (see previous week's notes)

Continuing the conversation, from where we left off last week:

The TS team wants to introduce TS into learning resources:

- A toggle for code samples, which could impact prose. Could be a
full website toggle or a per-code-sample toggle.
- Take content from docs.ember-cli-typescript.com and incorporate into the
guides

The TS team is willing to do the work

Our burning questions to share and come back to:

- How many code samples actually need different prose to go with them?
- Forgetting about how it looks in the app, how does it look in the
markdown? Two code blocks in sequence? How do we make sure they are the same?
  - Write code samples in TS, they compile down to JS automatically
  - This would mean all code samples need to be written in TS, could be a
    barrier to entry for contributors
- Do all code samples need to have TS?
- What does it look like if we plan for the ideal scenario?

- JW chatted w Chris Krycho about using TS in learning materials
- 2 separate questions: 1) using TS for our repos that we maintain 2) how do we approach TS in guides
- JW we prev said that TS team (or other contribs) was willing to do the work to bring TS to the guides, but actually the team can support and help but not independently drive that, we'll need to collaborate
- CM bringing TS to the guides involves both authoring content and writing the app/infra, which one did we mean that the TS team would help with?
- JW not sure we have a clear answer
- RM when we discussed before it was more api docs
- JW we need a working group to accomplish this b/c of the size of the tasks and need some focused collab time with the TS team
- RM have we factored in Polaris work? Should we wait a bit given RFC's, etc?
- JW the TS stuff we can work on now, but the Polaris stuff is yet to be defined/planned, so short term we should start to figure out the TS stuff
- RM might have help on project managing Polaris, still figuring that out
- CM we talked about what it meant to show TS in the guides: code only with a switcher or prose too? There is a risk/concern re confusing authors/contribs to the guides. Anything re prose is going to need to use a wrapper or ext to the markdown spec that is non-standard. Everything has been to spec thus far. We could do an html wrapper like the Zoe says stuff, but that'd mean no markdown inside that wrapper. We just need to think about this stuff
- AG do we know about what they want to teach to even decide this?
- RM we know enough and we will need to update the prose
- CM can we restrict this to single paragraphs w/ no links/bold etc (like Zoe says)?
- RM we probably need a more general discussion around ext's and we can't guarantee this yet
- CM we don't necessarily need a guarantee but we need to get closer pretty soon to help define project size
- CM we do have some kind of last say b/c we maintain these repos and have to do that work, this is a power we've been granted prev
- JW a working group could be asked to provide things like an accounting of how many places/things need to be changed, this could help define the scope of the work
- CM we could pick a few pages/sections and just write it as TS to get a sense of how things could go
- RM we would want some more detail on what needs to be changed and how
- JW so we want both accounting and a prototype as well. re final veto, decisions for the most part do rest with the people willing to do the work. best thing we can do is define req's as best we can and let things happen.
- We'll be keeping this as a recurring topic for the time being (move it to the bottom of the list thought)
JW Some additional concerns discussed w Chris Krycho:
- Types don't follow semantic versions, but semantic versions should be addressed by work going on in this area
- Dev's who don't know TS will have trouble contributing. this is real but there is a trade off b/w ease
of navigation of a codebase
- People can get into a place where they are fighting with the types in their apps, we hope to address this w/ people in the community that have knowledge at this point (it's better now than it was)
- Let Chris Krycho know if there is a specific mtg that we would like him to join (prob should send a list of questions ahead of time)
- JW to ask the TS team to think about a working group

### Chat about the community survey

- Joseph has a PR opened for the survey with a preview that could use some review for typos/errors https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-website/pull/934

### Goals brainstorming

Unstructured, no decisions to make here. What do we want the experience to be
for learning Ember? This is a meta conversation like we used to do for
face-to-face meetings. The eventual outcome would be to refine the list
to have some high level goals we can use to inform our decision making
about what to prioritize.

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
