# Month Day, Year

Facilitator & Note Taker: JW

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [ ] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [ ] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests

- [] Your name here (INITIALS)

## Weekly review

## Topics

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

### learn.emberjs.com sub-domain (RM, 10min)

Clean up learn page and add community resources. Reach out to people like
Mike North etc. to see if they have anything up to date.

The [learn page](https://emberjs.com/learn/) exists but it's outdated and we 
haven't invested in it.

RM would like to propose learn.emberjs.com to be the launch pad for different
types of documentation. Part of this is to break up the monopoly of the guides.
One factor is TypeScript, which now has a core team. They would like to move
some of their content closer, do things like have a toggle for showing
TypeScript examples, some additional prose, and API docs benefit.

But there's still some docs that are TypeScript specific.

Another topic is Ember Data, which we still have in the guides.
I think it would be good to have a holistic approach to doing this.

*Action item:* please think a little about this, how to improve the documentation
we have while maintaining cohesions.

CM: I have a few questions. Is there anything about a subdomain that is different
than the existing page, https://emberjs.com/learn/ ? Are you talking about
moving things like the guides under the learn subdomain?

RM: There's nothing specific about the learn page that requires a subdomain.
This is more of a mental perspective thing.

CM: What I'm hearing is, this is a mindset shift vs a technology thing.
We want to be thinking in terms of landing page and direction.
From an organizational perspective, I think we should think in terms of a hub
and start by updating the learn page. We make updates until it doesn't work for
us anymore. Then when we hit that point, we move to a subdomain.

My summary of "when do we need a subdomain" is, when does contributing activity
need to be divided?

JW: I favor the incremental approach - improve the page as it is, wait to see
how things go before introducing more infra

RM: The end goal idea is it would be easier for us to maintain certain things
because they would be divorced from guides versioning. Things like Ember
Inspector and Ember Data probably should not follow guides versioning.
This is the breaking apart that I am talking about.

CM: This ties into our past discussions of things like splitting out the
tutorials. Picking up the tutorials.emberjs.com project again would be a good
first step. But I don't think we should come at this from top-down. If we can
get the tutorials thing over the line, then we can move to the next thing.

RM: We need to decide on the process for splitting things out

CM: We have already a process we agreed on, so that can go ahead

RM: One thing I'm wondering about is, what things would we want subdomains for?

CM: I think we don't need to decide this yet. Better to get some data.
What went well, what could go better, what do we regret?

RM: Let's say we ship tutorials.emberjs.com. What happens after that?

CM: If we don't eventually end up with 5+ tutorials under tutorials.emberjs.com,
I would consider it a failure

RM: So would we not ship until we have 5 tutorials?

CM: no, that doesn't block shipping, just figuring out questions around
versioning. We can ship what we want and then see if it becomes a success.

RM: Let's say that it worked and was successful, what happens next?

CM: Adding more tutorials

JW: To recap, we have a question of a learning landing page,
typescript, tutorials, and making stronger divisions between different types of
content. One thing we can ponder is where we have things that need stronger
divisions, and start noting them.

AV: It would be helpful to know the goals of dividing things up

CM: This is something that has been bouncing around. We did not have a clear
answer, and it's been bouncing around because it's worth pondering

AV: Then maybe that should be the action item, determine the goal

CM: This relates to what I was saying earlier, we could take a top down approach,
but it's better to try the tutorial first and see what the outcomes are.

AV: These aren't mutually exclusive - could do these at the same time.
Work on the learning landing page, and also work on tutorials.

CM: The bookshelf concept is a third thing to consider here. That is what
we need to explore by doing the work to split things

CN: We can do the tutorials split not matter what, right?

*Action item:* Brainstorm high level goals about what we want learning Ember to be like

### TypeScript and learning material - Next week (RM, 10min)

RM: TS team mentioned two ideas for documentation material: 1. have a JS/TS toggle in the documentation; 2. add a TypeScript header to the guides and migrate documentation from https://docs.ember-cli-typescript.com/
RM: we've had opinions about toggles in the past
JW: the previous discussion was about Classic vs. Octane which would not be feasible
JW: JS vs. TS seems more aligned
RM: we might be able to write it once and strip out TS during build?

### Next week - look at JennyJudova's StackOverflow data (JW, 10min)

Can Jenny come to meetings? Should we review together before we invite Jenny?

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
