# Month Day, Year

Facilitator & Note Taker: JW

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [ ] Chris Manson (CM)
- [ ] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
- [x] Chris Ng (CN)

### Guests

- [x] fozy (INITIALS)
- [x] Mehul
- [x] Ankush
- [x] And lots more from Real Dev Squad!

## Weekly review

## Topics

### Review https://github.com/ember-learn/guides-source/pull/1780 (5min, RM)

As is, this is too product-specific and Ember's acceptance tests mostly
cover this need.

The Percy section could use some refactoring.

This page needs to be refactored overall to not overwhelm people with the
intro. Lots of valuable info here!

Action item:
- JW will suggest some more generalized wording.
- JW will open a separate PR to describe Percy as Visual integration testing
- Volunteer to open an issue to move testing tools to their own page.

### TypeScript for ember updates

https://github.com/ember-learn/upgrade-guide

Should we start using TypeScript in this app? Is that high impact?
Not this app, maybe API docs, maybe ask the TypeScript Core Team to
see what is most helpful.

Pros
- More confidence for refactors, for devs who know TS

Cons
- Types don't follow semantic versions, could cause some headaches
- Devs who don't know TypeScript will face more challenges to contributing
- Overall we aim to make our apps as simple as possible. There are other
ways to reduce complexity besides TypeScript.
- Apps can drift towards fighting with types instead of the types adding
benefit.

Some examples of other areas that could use help:
- API docs could be nice for TypeScript! Need to think about this a bit first
though. ember-jsonapi-docs This is a biiiig maybe. The team recommends
choosing something else, given the ambiguity.
https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-jsonapi-docs are processing scripts,
a better candidate than the front end app.
- Maybe ask the Ember TypeScript Core Team! They are new, doing some cool stuff!
- What about the Ember Website Redesign? There are some things left to do
for the Guides https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/45 This is high
priority/impact for our users. The website work is open to anyone at any
level of expertise.
- What matters most is picking something exciting or interesting to you
- Check https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/
- Have a look at the learn page and see if there's any info you wish was
there https://emberjs.com/learn/

### TypeScript in the docs (see previous week's notes)
<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

The TS team wants to introduce TS into learning resources:

- A toggle for code samples, which could impact prose. Could be a
full website toggle or a per-code-sample toggle.
- Take content from docs.ember-cli-typescript.com and incorporate into the
guides

The TS team is willing to do the work

Our burning questions to share and come back to:

- How many code samples actually need different prose to go with them?
- Forgetting about how it looks in the app, how does it look in the
markdown? Two code blocks in sequence? How do we make sure they are the same?
  - Write code samples in TS, they compile down to JS automatically
  - This would mean all code samples need to be written in TS, could be a
    barrier to entry for contributors
- Do all code samples need to have TS?

CM: We should plan our work in terms of the ideal scenario.

No decisions here yet, just exploring!

Opinions and feedback welcome from anyone! Share in the chat, say it in a
meeting, etc.

### Decide on https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/issues/16950

Yes, we still need to fix this.

`yuidoc .` to inspect the JSON output to look for issues. Compare the
JSON for these methods with those that show up. Also look at the code
comments themselves and compare.

### Goals brainstorming

Unstructured, no decisions to make here. What do we want the experience to be
for learning Ember? This is a meta conversation like we used to do for
face-to-face meetings. The eventual outcome would be to refine the list
to have some high level goals we can use to inform our decision making
about what to prioritize.
## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
