# @Jan 24, 2020

## Agenda

- (10 min) Glimmer.js status update (RJ + CHG)
- RFCs
    - → FCP
    - FCP → Merge
        - (5 min) [getWithDefault Deprecation](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc) (RJ)
    - → FCP to Close
    - FCP to Close → Close
    - Enable
    - Discussion
        - (10min) [https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/353](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/353) Modifiers (RM)
        - (5 min) [Destroyables](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/580) (RJ)
        - (10 min) [test waiter revamp](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/581) (RJ)
- (5 min) 3.16 release (KG)

## Attendees

- [ ]  Yehuda Katz
- [ ]  Tom Dale
- [x]  Kris Selden
- [ ]  Leah Silber
- [x]  Robert Jackson
- [x]  Igor Terzic
- [ ]  Matthew Beale
- [x]  Edward Faulkner
- [ ]  Dan Gebhardt
- [ ]  Godfrey Chan
- [ ]  Ricardo Mendes
- [x]  Chad Hietala
- [x]  Katie Gengler
- [x]  Melanie Sumner
- [x]  Jen Weber
- [x]  Chris Garrett

## Minutes

### GlimmerJS Status Update

RJ: Quick status update on the work by RJ and CHG. We want to get glimmer.js back into shape as a usable test bed for experimental Ember things. We will be removing module unification and make it more focused on imports, as well as using the renderComponent API to boot an app. This will result in many changes, like adding modifier support back into glimmer. The removal of module unification will also remove the current DI system. We'll be adding setComponentTemplate. Goal is to do the things that already have consensus, not controversial parts. Will implement both competing versions of template imports, and you opts into which one you get, neither is by default. Eventually this will be a glimmer.js 2.0, which will be a 2.0 for `@glimmer/component` too, although this will not be a breaking change for ember users.

CG: It will have a simpler build system. It will be able to be used inside other apps.

RJ: I still think it's going to use ember-cli, just a much simplified build pipeline.

RJ: We really do need a place to do experimentation on the big features like single file components, before we can commit to RFCs.

RJ: Also, it is possible to make components that work in ember and glimmer.js.

### RFC Review

- getWithDefault deprecation was already in FCP, consensus to merge.

- RFC 353 modifiers should probably close

- destroyables RFC. CG is working on incorporating the feedback from f2f. 

RJ: ember-lifeline can be rewritten to use this, and can then become a polyfill for the feature on older embers.

- test waiter revamp. A version of this does work now in ember-test-helpers, it's been intimate API, we want to make it public now. RJ advocates for FCP next week or two.

### Ember 3.16 release status

Only ember-source is released now. RJ pinging data team. data is not blocked. 

There are changes in ember beta and canary that break ember-data CI, and the fixes have landed in glimmer-vm, CG is PRing into Ember.

RJ: ember-cli  release will officially drop node 8, which is end-of-life.

JW: whenever the ember-data release has happened, please post in core-meta, because right now the API docs are run on request instead of automatically.