# @Jan 03, 2020

## Agenda

- Are we meeting next week?
- RFCs
    - → FCP
        - `[getWithDefault` Deprecation](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/554)
    - FCP → Merge
    - → FCP to Close
    - FCP to Close → Close
    - Enable
    - Discussion
        - [@use and Resources](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/567) (CHG)
        - [@memo](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/566) (CHG)
        - [TrackedList](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/569) (CHG)
        - [Tracked Maps and Sets](https://gist.github.com/pzuraq/628a7cfff6ae14629a7a23db151923a0) (draft) (CHG)

## Attendees

- [x]  Yehuda Katz
- [x]  Tom Dale
- [ ]  Kris Selden
- [ ]  Leah Silber
- [x]  Robert Jackson
- [x]  Igor Terzic
- [x]  Matthew Beale
- [x]  Edward Faulkner
- [x]  Dan Gebhardt
- [x]  Godfrey Chan
- [ ]  Ricardo Mendes
- [x]  Chad Hietala
- [x]  Katie Gengler
- [x]  Melanie Sumner
- [x]  Jen Weber
- [x]  Chris Garrett

## Minutes

## Next meeting?

We will skip next week

## `@use`

CG: (discussion) we need to discuss this at the F2F. I would love feedback if anyone has it. It is still in flux, there are some parts I already have enough feedback on which I will address (there is a comment)

CG: the other three are to deal with pain points for autotracking. `@memo` brings back caching

YK: My take: The way autotrack works is that anything from the template is autotracked and invalidated correctly. If you ever have a case where you want to cache the computation on your own (not to a template) then you don't get the benefit. The idea of memo is that you have a function call it, and keep it up to date.

CG: This is different, it is a memo decorator

YK: I described it in a more grandiose way, but I think my presentation is the right thing.

YK: You shouldn't be thinking "getters are like CPs and now you have caching"

CG: We've gotten several requests to bring this back. There are some people with expensive graphs of CPs and there are key points where they need to be cached.

CG: These are supposed to be narrower than any generalized tool.

YK: I think it is good to push back on the people saying it is urgent just to find out why the getter is called a lot of times.

RJ: In lopestro's case here are objects in the system which do computations, and they are kicked off by the rendering layer but not part of it...

YK: I am in favor of this feature, and this sounds like a good feature.

YK: But Ember had this because SproutCore had it and everyone did it, but that was a mistake.

YK: I presume this doesn't do reference equality checks?

YK: The version of memo we used before was expensive. We ended up just doing reference checks anyway in Ember Data.

(discussion)

RJ: People think the "reassignment to the property" is weird, and I think they are right.

RJ: If we add a notify, we can add a "notifyIfChanged" for example. If you have a utility you can add one that does the check.

YK: If you had a notify you would not need the reassign and you could make it check triple equals

(discussion)

TD: `tracked` is a description, `@memo` is a verb....

CG: `@cached` is fine.

RJ: In general the thing is memoization, so memo makes sense.

YK: I think if there is a synonym which is simpler that is great.

CG: I will update the RFC to be `@cached`

GC: I want the RFC to be explicit that is might fire more or less in the future. It is just want it is.

(discussion)

CG: I specify in the RFC that the call... the way the cache is busted is not defined by this decorator.

(discussion)

GC: I think this RFC should be written in a way where this could become a noop.

(discussion wrt future-compat in adding an implicit logic for caching validation, offering the ability to explicitly define cache validation)

## TrackedList

CG: We're not trying to create a transparent wrapper for arrays. For one it would be impossible to do without IE11, because it would need proxies. The other issue is that using native proxy would be much much slower.

YK: There is a subset of the operations which will work just like an array, but there are a subset of things which will not work like truncating via `...`. So we can just make a thing which is the valid bits, and the downside if you can't use a third party library, but if the third party thing was doing to edge cases it is.

(discussion)

RJ: I think there proposals are a little at odds with the goal of shipping primitives.

CG: You can implement all these things with public APIs

YK: I think the minus is that it seems like we are adding stuff and have not rationalized it. The plus... My goal here is that I don't want to write this.x = this.x. So far my experience is that if I added something mappy, something listy, would give you a good answer for anything, where the current system doesn't.

(discussion)