# October 14, 2021

Facilitator & Note Taker: JW

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [x] Amy Lam (AL)
- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [ ] Isaac Lee (IL)
- [ ] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)

### Guests

- [] Rajakvk

## Weekly review

### Review Initiatives board (every other week)

See: [Initiatives board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/51)

### Review PR queue

See: [tracking sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sPyN9z9wZMpTNwqCfa6R9QSPZkIW4iQd-H4gZC7ILLk/edit#gid=2035777454)

## Topics

### Ember Times update (AL, 5-10min)

Amy has cubital tunnel (RSI) and needs to reduce typing. Amy spoke with Jared and may leave publish of the next 10/22 issue to him. Amy can verbally walk Jared thru the process on a video call / screenshare, and we can try to update the instructions as we go as well. Topics have been somewhat light recently. If there is not enough content, we could adjust the frequency. Amy is on vacation 10/29. 11/5 would be an option if 10/22 is pushed, assuming sticking with Fridays. 

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

JW - can host an office hours session for new writers once Amy is feeling better!

Any support needed? Add some topics to the queue for whenever the future
issue goes out.

### Cookbook

JW shared the latest draft and collected suggestions.

### Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

### Netlify

We should review our netlify apps to see if we can delete some of them.

Can we delete the octane guides preview? No, it has to exist for the purposes
of doing the redirect to the real guides, in order to preserve our SEO.

JW opened a PR with an update to the README so we have this context for the
future.
https://github.com/ember-learn/guides-redirect/pull/1

### Hacktoberfest

Reminder for everyone to look at the project board and write some issues.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
