# Apr 10, 2020

## Agenda

- RFCs
    - → FCP
        - Destroyables [https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/580](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/580) (CHG)
    - Discussion
        - Strict Mode [https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/496](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/496/files/727331d552c860960774694a0fe7e594de1ceebd..cff9a7e38169e16028953bd3280277bc01b9105f)

## Attendees

- [ ]  Yehuda Katz (YK)
- [ ]  Tom Dale (TD)
- [ ]  Kris Selden (KS)
- [ ]  Leah Silber (LS)
- [ ]  Robert Jackson (RJ)
- [ ]  Igor Terzic (IT)
- [ ]  Matthew Beale (MB)
- [ ]  Edward Faulkner (EF)
- [ ]  Dan Gebhardt (DG)
- [ ]  Godfrey Chan (GC)
- [ ]  Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [x]  Chad Hietala (CH)
- [ ]  Katie Gengler (KG)
- [ ]  Melanie Sumner (MS)
- [ ]  Jen Weber (JW)
- [ ]  Chris Garrett (CG)

## Minutes

RM: proposal to add `TODO` prefix to comment in generated test, works with tooling that scans `TODO`s in the codebase, etc

RJ: seems fine to me, if no one objects we should just merge it

(no one objects)

KG: someone added a lint rule for that recently, we should make sure this doesn't break it

RJ: I don't think it will, but I'll add a comment and verify

---

RJ: (destroyable) as far as I can see, the main change is the ordering of the children/nesting

CG: current behavior is to make everything as `isDestroying`, no user code runs, schedule to run later, later we run the user destructors, make everything as `isDestroyed`. notably there is currently no public to define how the scheduling occurs (e.g. using backburner or not)

RJ: doing it correctly in glimmer.js is important and it's easy to ignore the things that bb does today to make things work correctly; for example try/catch/finally to avoid leaking destructors when user code errors

CG: agreed but those are private implementation details

RJ: based on our conversations in the glimmer-vm meeting, it should probably be public in glimmer-vm that ember/glimmer.js uses, so not user-land public, so doesn't need to be in the RFC

CG: another change I made is to update the how we teach this section, I noted that there should be a guide and an outline of what is needed, also fleshed out the API docs based on the ones that exists today

CG: one last change, the functions now returns the values that you passed to make it easier to register/deregister destructors, we also now pass the instance to the destructors, doesn't make them any more powerful, no inheritance etc (yet)

RJ: something something root?

YK: something something associate created objects with the container and they will be destroyed when the container is destroyed

RJ: something something ember data objects

KS: something something runloop

YK: I think we can ignore its existence

KS: unit tests sometimes also do the forced-flushing, maybe if we want to use one thing everywhere we may have to add some api to force the flushing

CG: in ember they are scheduled on backburner so it works fine

RJ: the RFC is intentionally vague here

RJ: did you rationalize the way the current destruction logic in ember today in terms of the new semantics? should be straightforward now that we updated the RFC to match. not required for the RFC but e.g. we should be able to update the Ember.Object implementation to use the new system once it lands

CG: I can add it to the motivation section maybe? but yeah that's the exercise we did when updating the RFC's proposed semantics

CG: push to next week for these minor changes?

RJ: I think we should FCP, anyone opposes?

(no one opposed)

RJ: I will write the comment

---

## Strict Mode

GC: So we have been through this many times

GC: TLDR; Does not propose template imports or SFC, proposes the low level API that makes those experiments possible with only public API. Similar to component manager, engines, fastboot

GC: Two things

GC: A. defines a set of stricter template rules that make it easier for tooling and makes the templating system more rationalized overall

GC: B. defines low level API that allows you to create said templates

GC: 5 differences

GC: 1. No implicit globals, everything must be imported. Again, no import syntax defined yet

GC: 2. No implicit `this` fallback, must always specify `[this.foo](http://this.foo)` when accessing properties

GC: 3. When you have a helper that does not take any arguments (which is rare), when you pass it as an arg to a component it is invoked and the result is passed. In contextual helper RFC, this was raised as an issue because you cannot pass a helper down. That RFC proposed to deprecate that, so you have to call it explicitly in that case. In strict mode, you *must* do this.

GC: 4. Currying helpers (`{{component}}`) does not take strings anymore

GC: 5. No partials

GC: low-level API

GC: There is also now a list of keywords that you don't have to import, vs things that you do.

GC: Things that are internal, difficult to expose publicly via transforms, are keywords.

GC: Normal helpers that don't have issues are imports. Add a new path in `@ember/helper` for importing these.

GC: Biggest changes are the helper requirement and keywords list, otherwise is very similar

RJ: Couple notes, one thing is we did a deep dived into the helper deprecation stuff in the VM meeting and it was very helpful. Unlike the previous deprecations, we *can't* actually do the stuff that it recommends as replacements. We'll need to have a nuanced transition plan to be able to allow people to roll this out incrementally.

GC: Agree, but from this RFC's perspective its really just deferring to the other RFC.

RJ: Yeah, we just need to solve this when we go to do the deprecation.

RJ: I guess what your saying is that those changes are a requirement for strict mode.

GC: We could add a constraint that deprecations must be landed before we ship strict mode, but not sure that's really necessary.

CG: I'm not sure that's a blocking concern, but it's probably fine.

GC: It needs the changes to have landed anyways, and that's the majority of the work. The extra work to add the deprecation is probably minimal.

RJ: The main thing that blocks strict mode is the parser change.

RJ: The other thing that is important, is it's fine if we are eventually consistent here. The majority of behavior should be the same, with the exception of the need to add imports. The only other differences should be things that are already deprecated should not be allowed.

RJ: Thanks for updating GC. Only thing that's still a concern are the specifics around the helper change. This is confusing:

```html
<MyComponent @arg={{(helper)}} attr={{helper}}>
```

YK: The rationalization is that *Ember* is invoking. `attr` doesn't invoke, it passes the function to Ember, and then Ember chooses to invoke it.

RJ: Ok to FCP next week?

GC: Yeah, sounds good. I think the contextual helper RFC is a prereq anyways.

GC: Helper thing has impact on `{{link-to}}`