# Month Day, Year

Facilitator & Note Taker: AG

## Attendees

Add yourself to the list if you attend and check the box!

### Core Team

- [x] Chris Manson (CM)
- [x] Jared Galanis (JG)
- [x] Jen Weber (JW)
- [x] Ricardo Mendes (RM)
- [ ] Robert Wagner (RW)
- [x] Chris Ng (CN)
- [x] Anne-Greeth Schot-van Herwijnen (AG)

### Guests

- [] Your name here (INITIALS)

## Weekly review

## Topics

<!-- If you would like to add a topic to the agenda please add a suggestion to the PR using the following format: -->
<!-- ### Your topic (INITIALS, expected duration in minutes) -->

### Proposal: point rfcs.emberjs.com at the phase 1 app that is now completed (CM, 2m)
CM: [It](https://ember-rfcs.netlify.app/)'s ready to be pointed towards from rfcs.emberjs.com. Significant improvements. RFC's are now grouped by stage on the left-hand side.
JW: Do we need to chat with other core teams?
RM: Personal view of the matter, for this we don't need to, because it doesn't change anything. 
CM: It will be a silent launch. We will discuss the transition and the promo at a later state.
JW: Share a project update with core-meta in the soonish future.
RM: Will bring this up in the stages-rfc.
CM will do the DNS work.
RM: Moving it because github links die.
**We have reached consensus on moving it to rfcs.emberjs.com**.

### Discussion: when can we implement redirects for the old github pages urls (CM, 10m)

- html redirects (because github pages is aweful 😞) 
CM: We will controll the URLs so we will be able to fix redirects. This is currently not the case with GitHub pages. Our SEO will be hit by this. There is 1 technique we could do: HTML file redirect. It does not help with SEO but it will fix the "somebody lands on the page".
AG: Can we not just remove the GitHub pages?
CM: No, because all the links (from for example the Times) will die. The HTML redirect will get people stuck in a backloop, but it will not break the link. Never host any thing anymore on github pages. The Octane-upgrade-guide is still on GitHub pages.
**We should never break links**
AG: Should we move the Octane upgrade guide?
CM: Even a netflify URL would be better than GitHub pages, even though they have also broken URLs before. The only way to fix this put it on a domain we own.
JW: There is no blocker to get octane-upgrade-guide.emberjs.com. CM is the only person within the learning core team to fix the DNS stuff. 
CM: When the upgrade guide started it was not clear how official it was going to be. Now it is, so we could make the decision for moving it to a subdomain now.
JW: Using the same app for a future edition, cheat sheet etc. It would be nice to move it before we expand the functionality.
CM is the only person to who can do it. If we agree to do this the only tricky part is redirecting.
JW: Interested in the statistics. Is there a way to add analytics?
CM: If we wanted to get analytics from GH pages, we need a javascript analytics. Netlify can do this, but not sure if it's part of our package.
JW suggests to move this to cheatsheets instead of upgrade-guide.
CM suggests to make both sub-domains upgrade-guide and cheatsheets.
RM: we do have an edition page on the website, we link to the github repo instead of to the github pages. The upgrade guide is in the guides and the cheatsheet is now called octane-upgrade-guide. 
JW: They are not the same resources. The more infrastructure we create, the harder it gets to upgrade/update them. Keep pouring things in the guides is also not a solution. We should think about this with Polaris coming up.
RM: Concern: there is not a good answer on the URL for the upgrade-guide app.
CN: Should we talk about the tutorials page?

CM: Next steps for the old RFCs? Do we put in a redirect for each RFC?
* For each of the old URLs we need to redirect them to rfcs.emberjs.com/id/.... **Consensus**
* Is everybody okay with the HTML redirect? **Consensus, there is no other alternative**
* When do we do this?
   JG: Does it make it less of silent launch when we implement the redirects. The questions if when do we do the real launch.
   JW: It's ready when CM and RM say that it's ready and we've communicated it clearly to the other teams. We won't ask permission, but we need to keep them notified because it's at the heart of how we work as an Open-Source organisation.
   RM will message core-meta when the DNS stuff is figured out. Explaining the benefit and the value of this new app. "Moving forward you will be linking to ..."
   JW will be the frontmatter tribute to update all the RFCs :)

### Goal meeting
AG and JW have prepped the brainstorm. Is everybody okay with it being a closed meeting next week? **Consensus** We keep the event but we'll announce that it's closed and why. And we'll use a Miro/Mural something brainstorm board. You can prep your ideas beforehand. They are in the notion.

## Ember Times suggestions

Add writeup ideas / call for contributors / suggestions to [the latest PR](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-blog/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22%F0%9F%97%9E+embertimes%22%20or%20#support-ember-times) or [#support-ember-times](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/485450546887786506) on Discord.

## Any Questions?

Questions, comments or concerns? Submit a comment or PR for this set of notes.
